The action takes place in two periods — World War II and the late 1990s, during the Internet boom and Asian financial crisis.
In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse, a young United States Navy code breaker and mathematical genius, is assigned to the newly formed joint British and American Detachment 2702.
This ultra-secret unit's role is to hide the fact that Allied intelligence has cracked the German Enigma code.
The detachment stages events, often behind enemy lines, that provide alternative explanations for the Allied intelligence successes.
United States Marine sergeant Bobby Shaftoe, a veteran of China and Guadalcanal, serves in unit 2702, carrying out Waterhouse's plans.
At the same time, Japanese soldiers, including mining engineer Goto Dengo, an old friend of Shaftoe's, are assigned to build a mysterious bunker in the mountains in the Philippines as part of what turns out to be a literal suicide mission.
Circa 1997, Randy Waterhouse (Lawrence's grandson) joins his old role-playing game companion Avi Halaby in a new startup, providing Pinoy-grams (inexpensive, non-real-time video messages) to migrant Filipinos via new fiber-optic cables.
The Epiphyte Corporation uses this income stream to fund the creation of a data haven in the nearby fictional Sultanate of Kinakuta.
Vietnam veteran Doug Shaftoe, the son of Bobby Shaftoe, and his daughter Amy do the undersea surveying for the cables and engineering work on the haven is overseen by Goto Furudenendu, heir-apparent to Goto Engineering.
Complications arise as figures from the past reappear seeking gold or revenge.
<EOS>
Three convicts, Ulysses Everett McGill, Pete Hogwallop, and Delmar O'Donnell escape from a chain gang and set out to retrieve a supposed treasure Everett buried before the area is flooded to make a lake.
The three get a lift from a blind man driving a handcar on a railway.
He tells them, among other prophecies, that they will find a fortune but not the one they seek.
The trio make their way to the house of Wash, Pete's cousin.
They sleep in the barn, but Wash reports them to Sheriff Cooley, who, along with his men, torches the barn.
Wash's son helps them escape.
They pick up Tommy Johnson, a young black man, who claims he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play guitar.
In need of money, the four stop at a radio broadcast tower where they record a song as The Soggy Bottom Boys.
That night, the trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by the police.
Unbeknownst to them, the recording becomes a major hit.
Near a river, the group hears singing.
They see three women washing clothes and singing.
The women drug them with corn whiskey and they lose consciousness.
Upon waking, Delmar finds Pete's clothes lying next to him, empty except for a toad.
Delmar is convinced the women were Sirens and transformed Pete into the toad.
Later, one-eyed Bible salesman Big Dan Teague invites them for a picnic lunch, then mugs them and kills the toad.
Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett's home town.
Everett confronts his wife Penny, who changed her last name and told his daughters he was dead.
He gets into a fight with Vernon Waldrip, her new "suitor".
They later see Pete working on a chain gang.
Later that night, they sneak into Pete's holding cell and free him.
As it turns out, the women had dragged Pete away and turned him in to the authorities.
Under torture, Pete gave away the treasure's location to the police.
Everett then confesses that there is no treasure.
He made it up to convince the guys he was chained with to escape with him.
Pete is enraged at Everett, because he had two weeks left on his original sentence, and must serve fifty more years for the escape.
The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, who are planning to hang Tommy.
The trio disguise themselves as Klansmen and attempt to rescue Tommy.
However, Big Dan, a Klan member, reveals their identities.
Chaos ensues, and the Grand Wizard reveals himself as Homer Stokes, a candidate in the upcoming gubernatorial election.
The trio rush Tommy away and cut the supports of a large burning cross, leaving it to fall on Big Dan.
Everett convinces Pete, Delmar and Tommy to help him win his wife back.
They sneak into a Stokes campaign gala dinner she is attending, disguised as musicians.
The group begins a performance of their radio hit.
The crowd recognizes the song and goes wild.
Homer recognizes them as the group who humiliated his mob.
When he demands the group be arrested and reveals his white supremacist views, the crowd runs him out of town on a rail.
Pappy O'Daniel, the incumbent candidate, seizes the opportunity, endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys and grants them full pardons.
Penny agrees to marry Everett with the condition that he find her original ring.
The next morning, the group sets out to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley, which Everett earlier claimed was the location of his treasure.
The police, having learned of the place from Pete, arrest the group.
Dismissing their claims of receiving pardons, Sheriff Cooley orders them hanged.
Just as Everett prays to God, the valley is flooded and they are saved.
Tommy finds the ring in a desk that floats by, and they return to town.
However, when Everett presents the ring to Penny, she tells him that it is not hers and insists that he find it, even though she does not remember where she left it.
<EOS>
The series features the exploits and mishaps of irascible pensioner Victor Meldrew, who after being forced to retire from his job as a security guard, finds himself at war with the world and everything in it.
Meldrew, cursed with misfortune and always complaining, is married to long-suffering wife Margaret, who is often left exasperated by his many misfortunes.
Amongst other witnesses to Victor's wrath are tactless family friend Jean Warboys, and next-door couple Patrick (Victor's nemesis) and Pippa Trench.
Patrick often discovers Victor in inexplicably bizarre or compromising situations, leading him to believe that he is insane.
The Meldrews' neighbour on the other side, overly cheery charity worker Nick Swainey, also adds to Victor's frustration.
Although set in a traditional suburban setting, the show subverts this genre with a strong overtone of black comedy.
Series One's "The Valley of Fear" is an episode which caused controversy, when Victor finds a frozen cat in his freezer.
Writer David Renwick also combined farce with elements of tragedy.
For example, in the final episode, Victor is killed by a hit-and-run driver, and although there is no explicit reference that Victor and Margaret had children, the episode "Timeless Time" contained a reference to someone named Stuart; the strong implication being that they once had a son who had died as a child.
A number of episodes were also experimental in that they took place entirely in one setting.
Such episodes include: Victor, Margaret and Mrs Warboys stuck in a traffic jam; Victor and Margaret in bed suffering insomnia; Victor left alone in the house waiting to see if he has to take part in jury service; Victor and Margaret having a long wait in their solicitor's waiting room; and Victor and Margaret trying to cope during a power cut on the hottest night of the year.
Despite Margaret's frequent exasperation with her husband's antics, the series shows that the couple have a deep affection for one another.
This is demonstrated several times throughout the series.
<EOS>
The story begins in Otaku no Video 1982, where the main character is an everyman character, Ken Kubo, living with his girlfriend Yoshiko and as a member of his college's tennis team, until introduced by his former friend Tanaka to a club of enthusiasts: a female illustrator, an information geek, a martial artist, and a weapons collector.
Kubo soon joins them; and when Yoshiko abandons him, makes the wish to become the supreme enthusiast, under the name of "Otaking".
Kubo's quest continues in More Otaku no Video 1985, set three years later, in which he creates his model kits, opens shops, and builds a factory in China.
Later, he loses his fortune when one of his rivals (now married to Yoshiko) takes control of his enterprise; but Kubo and Tanaka, with hard-working artist Misuzu, gradually take over the anime industry with a 'magical girl' show, "Misty May".
At the peak of their ambitions, Ken and Tanaka create Otakuland in 1999: the equivalent of Disneyland for otaku (the story suggests Otakuland to be located in the same city of Urayasu, Chiba Prefecture, as the original Tokyo Disneyland)  Many years later, Ken and Tanaka return to Otakuland in a post-apocalyptic submerged Japan and find its central structure, a giant robot, converted into a functional spaceship piloted by their old friends.
Miraculously rejuvenated, they fly into space in search of "The Planet of Otaku".
<EOS>
Original Sin is set in the late 19th century Cuba during the Spanish rule, and flashes back and forth from the scene of a woman awaiting her execution by garrote while telling her story to a priest, to the actual events of that story.
Luis Vargas (Antonio Banderas) sends for American Julia Russell (Angelina Jolie) from Delaware,SA.
to sail to his country Cuba to be his mail-order bride.
Julia alights from the ship, looking nothing like the photos she's sent prior to her voyage.
Julia explains she wants more than a man who is only interested in a pretty face and that's why she has been deceptive - substituting a plain-looking woman's photo in place of her own picture.
Luis also admits to a deception; he has been misleading her into believing that he is a poor clerk in a coffee export house, instead of being the rich owner of that coffee export house.
On hearing this, Julia says that they both have something in common and that is that both are not to be trusted.
But they assure each other that they would make efforts in understanding and trusting each other in life.
Luis and Julia wed in the church within hours of her setting foot in Cuba.
Luis falls passionately in love with his new wife.
They passionately make love.
Meanwhile, Julia's sister Emily has been trying to contact her, worried about her after such a long trip to a strange land.
She sends an emotional letter to Julia asking about her welfare.
Luis forces Julia to write back, fearing that if Julia continues to ignore Emily's letters, Emily will assume something terrible has befallen her sister and she might send the authorities to check on her welfare.
Holding off as long as possible, Julia finally pens a letter to her sister.
In order to assure that his wife has everything she wants, Luis adds Julia to his business and personal bank accounts, giving her free rein to spend as she pleases.
Luis discovers that Julia has run off with nearly all of his fortune and then teams up with a detective, Walter Downs (Thomas Jane), hired by Emily to find her real sister Julia.
Walter arrived from Wilmington and tells Luis that he would like to see Julia on the coming Sunday.
Luis informs Julia about this and she gets upset.
Emily arrives in Cuba and meets Luis and shows the letter Julia wrote to her.
She informs Luis that he believes Julia to be an impostor and that her sister Julia may be dead and that the impostor may be working with someone.
The two set out together looking for her.
Luis finds Julia and discovers she is actually working with Walter and that he and Luis are staying at the same hotel.
Luis believes she loves him and lies to Walter, but, when confronted, a fight breaks out and Luis shoots Walter.
Julia coldly tells Luis to go and buy them tickets home, but the minute he leaves, Walter gets to his feet; he had loaded the gun with blanks.
Julia appears to love Luis, but, Walter has too much control over her, so, she continues to work for him as she and Luis run off to live in secret with the supposedly dead Walter in pursuit.
Walter turns out to be Julia (Bonny's) old lover and partner Billy.
Luis throws away his promising future and opens himself to living a lie with Julia.
One night, Luis follows Julia/Bonny and discovers Walter/ Billy is alive and that the two are still working together; she is apparently going to poison her husband that very night.
He returns home and waits for her and when she arrives, he reveals that he knows about the plan, confesses his love for her once more and swallows the poisoned drink Though she tries hard to stop him.
Julia flees with the dying Luis, with Walter close behind.
They run into him at a train station; Walter is furious that Julia has betrayed him.
As Walter holds a knife to her throat, Luis shoots and wounds him, with Julia finishing him off by shooting.
Back in the mise en scene, Julia finishes her story and asks the priest to pray with her.
The next morning the guards come to her cell to take her to her execution, only to find the priest kneeling in her clothing.
In Morocco, Julia is watching a card game.
She walks around the table occupied by gamblers - including Luis - and thanks them for allowing her to watch.
As Julia signals Luis about the other players' cards, he begins telling them the story of how they got there.
<EOS>
The film opens to two muscle-bound men dressed in loincloths approaching a crypt.
They open the doors, revealing a coffin.
They remove the lid and exit the crypt, then the inhabitant of the coffin (Criswell) sits up to deliver an opening narration.
This narration mostly matches the prologue of Night of the Ghouls (1959), with one minor variation and an additional line.
The phrase "world between the living and the dead" of the original is changed to "void between.
".
There is also a new line at the end: "A night with the ghouls, the ghouls reborn, from the innermost depths of the world.
" The opening credits feature the image of "an immobile young woman clad in gold".
The image was probably inspired by a memorable scene of Goldfinger (1964).
Following the credits, the camera shifts to a lone Chevrolet Corvair driving down a California desert road.
Its passengers Bob (William Bates) and Shirley (Pat Barrington) are arguing over the decision to use this night to search for a cemetery.
Bob is a horror writer who hopes that the scene of a cemetery at night will bring him inspiration.
The conversation ends when Bob accidentally drives the car off the road and over a cliff.
The next scene opens to a nocturnal image of a fog-shrouded cemetery.
The lonely figure of the Emperor (Criswell) walks towards a marble altar, sits, and then summons his "Princess of the Night", the Black Ghoul (Fawn Silver), who appears and bows before him.
The Emperor warns that if the night's entertainment fails to please him, he will banish the souls of the entertainers to eternal damnation, indicating that he is an all-powerful demonic being.
As the full moon appears, the Black Ghoul summons the first dancer of the night, a Native American woman (Bunny Glaser).
The Black Ghoul explains that this woman loved flames, and that both she and her lovers died in flames.
The woman dances and strips before the flames of the cemetery.
The Black Ghoul then introduces the second dancer of the night, a street walker in life.
While the woman dances, Bob and Shirley make their way to the cemetery and start observing the dance from a distance.
Shirley suspects that they are observing a college initiation, though Bob seriously doubts her theory.
The Emperor himself summons the third dancer, a woman who worshiped gold above else.
The Golden Girl (Pat Barrington) dances in her turn, and the Emperor instructs his loin-clothed servants to reward her with gold.
The supposed reward is soon revealed to be a punishment, as the servants place her in a cauldron with liquid gold.
What emerges from the cauldron is a golden statue of the living woman who entered.
The servants transport the immobile statue to a nearby crypt.
At this point, a werewolf (John Andrews) and mummy (Louis Ojena) appear and seize the intruding young couple.
They are brought before the Emperor who decides to postpone deciding their fate.
The intruders are tied up, side by side, and allowed to continue watching the dances.
The Black Ghoul next introduces the fourth dancer, a "Cat Woman" (Texas Starr).
She is depicted as a woman dressed in a leopard costume, which exposes her chest area.
As she dances, a servant follows her around and thrashes her with a bullwhip.
Offering a sadomasochistic show for the spectators.
The Emperor next calls for a Slave Girl (Nadejda Dobrev) to be whipped for his amusement.
The slave wears a tunic and is chained to a wall.
Following her torture session, the Slave Girl breaks free and becomes the fifth dancer of the night.
Later, the Black Ghoul exhibits a fascination with Shirley and scratches a mark on her.
She draws a knife and seems about to kill Shirley, when the Emperor decides it is not yet time for the intruders to properly join them.
The female ghoul reluctantly obeys.
The Emperor is puzzled when a human skull appears instead of the next dancer.
The Black Ghoul explains it is the symbol of the sixth dancer, who loved bullfighting and matadors.
She used to dance over their demise, and now it's time to dance over her own.
The dancer of apparent Spanish/Mexican heritage (Stephanie Jones) appears to perform.
The Emperor and Ghoul briefly discuss the past of the dancer, who came to them on the Day of the Dead.
The seventh dancer appears dressed in Polynesian garments.
The Black Ghoul describes her as a worshiper of snakes, smoke, and flames.
A rattlesnake is depicted along with her dance.
The camera shifts to the mummy and the werewolf.
The mummy voices his dislike of snakes and recalls the death of Cleopatra.
He informs his companion that ancient Egypt had many snakes and they were the stuff of nightmares.
The Emperor next expresses his boredom and demands "unusual" entertainment, while the Black Ghoul notes that the night is almost over.
She reminds her superior that they will be gone at the first sight of the morning sun.
They proceed to argue over the fate of Shirley.
The argument ends with the introduction of the eighth dancer (Barbara Nordin), a woman who murdered her husband on their wedding night.
She dances with the skeleton of her spouse.
The argument over Shirley then resumes, as the Ghoul claims her for her own.
The Emperor feels the need to assert his own authority over the Black Ghoul.
The ninth dancer (Dene Starnes) was a zombie in life and remains zombie-like in death.
The tenth and final dancer (Rene De Beau) is introduced as one who died for feathers, fur, and fluff.
She starts her dance in clothing matching this style.
When the final dance ends, the Emperor finally offers Shirley to the Ghoul.
The Ghoul briefly dances herself as she prepares to claim her prize.
But dawn arrives and with it sunlight.
The Emperor and all his undead are reduced to bones.
The final scene has Bob and Shirley waking up at the scene of the accident, surrounded by paramedics, suggesting it was all a dream.
Criswell appears in his coffin to offer parting words to the audience.
<EOS>
Electrostatic plotters used a dry toner transfer process similar to that in many photocopiers.
They were faster than pen plotters and were available in large formats, suitable for reproducing engineering drawings.
The quality of image was often not as good as contemporary pen plotters.
Electrostatic plotters were made in both flat-bed and drum types.
Cutting plotters use knives to cut into a piece of material (such as paper, mylar or vinyl) that is lying on the flat surface area of the plotter.
It is achieved because the cutting plotter is connected to a computer, which is equipped with specialized cutting design or drawing computer software programs.
Those computer software programs are responsible for sending the necessary cutting dimensions or designs in order to command the cutting knife to produce the correct project cutting needs.
In recent years the use of cutting plotters (generally called die-cut machines) has become popular with home enthusiasts of paper crafts such as cardmaking and scrapbooking.
Such tools allow desired card shapes to be cut out very precisely, and repeated perfectly identically.
<EOS>
The film begins with a voiceover describing the trench warfare situation of World War I up to 1916.
In a château, General Georges Broulard (Adolphe Menjou), a member of the French General Staff, asks his subordinate, the ambitious General Mireau (George Macready), to send his division on a suicide mission to take a well-defended German position called the "Anthill".
Mireau initially refuses, citing the impossibility of success and the danger to his beloved soldiers, but when Broulard mentions a potential promotion, Mireau quickly convinces himself the attack will succeed.
Mireau proceeds to walk through the trenches, asking several soldiers, "Ready to kill more Germans.
" He throws a disturbed private (Fred Bell) out of the regiment for showing signs of shell shock, which Mireau considers simple cowardice.
Mireau leaves the detailed planning of the attack to the 701st Regiment’s Colonel Dax (Kirk Douglas), despite Dax's protests that the only result of the attack will be to weaken the French Army with heavy losses for no benefit.
During a nighttime scouting mission prior to the attack, a drunken lieutenant named Roget (Wayne Morris) sends one of his two men ahead as a scout.
Overcome by fear while waiting for the scout's return, he lobs a grenade and retreats.
The other soldier—Corporal Paris (Ralph Meeker)—finds the body of the scout, killed by the grenade.
Having safely returned, he confronts Roget, but Roget denies any wrongdoing, and falsifies his report to Colonel Dax.
The next morning, the attack on the Anthill proceeds.
Dax leads the first wave of soldiers over the top into no man's land under heavy fire, but the attack is a failure.
None of the men reach the German trenches, and B Company refuse to leave their own trench after sustaining heavy casualties.
Mireau, enraged, orders his artillery to open fire on them to force them onto the battlefield.
The artillery commander refuses to fire on his own men without written confirmation of the order.
Meanwhile, Dax returns to the trenches, and tries to rally B Company to join the battle, but as he climbs out of the trench, the body of a dead French soldier knocks him down.
To deflect blame for the failure, Mireau decides to court martial 100 of the soldiers for cowardice.
Broulard convinces him to reduce the number to three, one from each company.
Corporal Paris is chosen because his commanding officer, Roget, wishes to keep him from testifying about his actions in the scouting mission.
Private Ferol (Timothy Carey) is picked by his commanding officer because he is a "social undesirable".
The last man, Private Arnaud (Joe Turkel), is chosen randomly by lot, despite having been cited for bravery twice previously.
Dax, who was a criminal defense lawyer in civilian life, volunteers to defend the men at their court-martial.
The trial, however, is a farce.
Dax protests the lack of a stenographic record, the lack of a formal written indictment, and the court's refusal to admit evidence that would support acquittal.
In his closing statement, Dax challenges the court's authenticity, and requests mercy, saying, "Gentlemen of the court, to find these men guilty would be a crime to haunt each of you till the day you die".
Nonetheless, the three men are sentenced to death.
Captain Rousseau (John Stein), the artillery commander who had earlier refused Mireau's order to fire on his own men, arrives to tell Dax about the incident.
Dax confronts Broulard as he is attending a ball with sworn statements by the witnesses attesting to Mireau's order to shell his own trenches, and tries to blackmail the General Staff into sparing his men.
Broulard takes the statements but brusquely dismisses Dax.
The next morning, the three condemned men are led out into a courtyard, among soldiers from all three companies and senior officers.
Arnaud, injured during a desperate outburst in prison, is carried out on a stretcher and tied to the execution post.
A sobbing Ferol is blindfolded.
Paris is offered a blindfold by Roget, but refuses.
Roget, whom Dax has forced to lead the executions, meekly apologizes to Paris for what he has done, eliciting an ambiguous response.
All three men are then shot and killed by the firing squad.
Following the execution, Broulard has breakfast with the gloating Mireau.
Dax enters, invited by Broulard.
Broulard then reveals that Mireau will be investigated for the order to fire on his own men.
Mireau leaves angrily, protesting that he has been made a scapegoat.
Broulard then blithely offers Mireau's command to Dax, assuming that Dax's attempts to stop the executions were a ploy to gain Mireau's job.
Discovering that Dax is in fact sincere, Broulard angrily rebukes him for his idealism while a disgusted Dax calls Broulard a "degenerate, sadistic old man".
After the execution, some of Dax's soldiers are raucously partying at an inn.
Their mood shifts as they listen to a captive German girl (Christiane Harlan, later Kubrick) sing a sentimental folk song.
They are unaware that orders have come for them to return to the front.
Dax lets the men enjoy a few minutes while his face hardens as he returns to his quarters.
<EOS>
The story begins in a future world where global temperatures have risen so high that in most of the world it is unsafe to be outside without special cooling gear during daylight hours.
In a desperate bid to preserve humanity and ease population burdens on Earth, the UN has initiated a "draft" for colonizing the nearby planets, where conditions are so horrific and primitive that the unwilling colonists have fallen prey to a form of escapism involving the use of an illegal drug (CAN-D) in concert with "layouts".
Layouts are physical props intended to simulate a sort of alternate reality where life is easier than either the grim existence of the colonists in their marginal off-world colonies, or even Earth, where global warming has progressed to the point that Antarctica is prime vacation resort territory.
The illegal drug CAN-D allows people to "share" their experience of the "Perky Pat" (the name of the main female character in the simulated world) layouts.
This "sharing" has caused a pseudo-religious cult or series of cults to grow up around the layouts and the use of the drug.
Up to the point where the novel begins, New York City-based Perky Pat (orP) Layouts, Inc, has held a monopoly on this product, as well as on the illegal trade in the drug CAN-D which makes the shared hallucinations possible.
The novel opens shortly after Barney Mayerson,P.
Layouts' top precog, has received a "draft notice" from the UN for involuntary resettlement as a colonist on Mars.
Mayerson is sleeping with his assistant, Roni Fugate, but remains conflicted about the divorce, which he himself initiated, from his first wife Emily, a ceramic pot artist.
Meanwhile, Emily's second husband tries to sell her pot designs toP.
Layouts as possible accessories for the Perky Pat virtual worlds—but Barney, recognizing them as Emily's, rejects them out of spite.
Meanwhile, the UN rescues Palmer Eldritch's ship from a crash on Pluto.
Leo Bulero, head ofP.
Layouts and an "evolved" human (meaning someone who has undergone expensive genetic treatments by a German "doctor" which are supposed to push the client "forward" on an evolutionary scale, and which result in gross physical, as well as mental, modifications), hears rumors that Eldritch discovered an alien hallucinogen in the Prox system with similar properties to CAN-D, and that he plans to market it as "Chew-Z," with UN approval, on off-world colonies.
However CHEW-Z does not require the prop of the external layouts and seems to have certain undefined qualities that make the use of CHEW-Z even more addictive than CAN-D has been.
This would effectively destroyP.
Layouts.
Bulero tries to contact Eldritch but he is quarantined at a UN hospital.
Both Mayerson and Fugate have precognitions of reports that Bulero is going to be responsible for murdering Eldritch.
Meanwhile, Emily and her second husband sell her pottery designs to Eldritch and use the payment to undergo evolution therapy.
Unfortunately, Emily begins to devolve rather than evolve.
This devolution results in a loss of creativity and she finds herself recreating older, less sophisticated designs from earlier work, without realizing it.
Under the guise of a reporter, Bulero travels to Eldritch's estate on the Moon, where Eldritch holds a press conference.
Bulero is kidnapped and forced to take Chew-Z intravenously.
He enters a psychic netherworld over which both he and Eldritch seemingly have some control.
After wrangling about business with Eldritch, Bulero travels to what appears to be Earth at some time in the not-too-distant future.
Evolved humans identify him as a ghost and show him a monument to himself commemorating his role in the death of Eldritch, an "enemy of the Sol System".
Bulero returns to Earth and fires Mayerson because Mayerson was afraid to travel to the Moon to rescue him.
Mayerson, in despair, accepts his UN conscription to Mars but Bulero recruits him as a double agent.
Mayerson is to inject himself with a toxin after taking Chew-Z in a plot to deceive the UN into thinking Chew-Z is harmful and cause them to ban it.
On Mars, Mayerson buys some Chew-Z from Eldritch, who appears in holographic form.
Mayerson tries to hallucinate a world where he is still with Emily but finds that he does not control his apparent hallucination.
Like Bulero, he finds himself in the future.
Mayerson arrives in New York two years hence where he speaks with Bulero, Fugate and his future self about the death of Palmer Eldritch.
He also encounters several manifestations of Eldritch, identifiable by their robotic right hand, artificial eyes, and steel teeth.
Eldritch offers to help Mayerson become whatever he wants, but is so controlling of the CHEW-Z alternate reality that Mayerson ultimately decides he'd rather be dead than continue to be manipulated by Eldritch.
When a despairing Mayerson chooses death, he finds himself apparently forced into Eldritch's body right at the point in the timeline where Bulero is ready to shoot a torpedo at Eldritch's ship.
It appears that Eldritch's plan is to preserve his own life essence housed in Mayerson's body while allowing Mayerson himself to die in Eldritch's place.
Eldritch, meanwhile, intends to live on in Mayerson's form and enjoy the simple if arduous life of a Martian colonist.
Mayerson, stuck in Eldritch's body and mistaken for him, is indeed nearly killed by Bulero in the near future, but before the fatal shot can be fired he is awakened from his Chew-Z trance in the present by Bulero, who has just arrived on Mars.
Bulero is willing to take Mayerson back to Earth but refuses to after learning that Mayerson did not inject himself with the toxin.
Mayerson is now confident that Bulero will kill Eldritch, so the sacrifice of taking the toxin in order to ruin Eldritch's business is unnecessary; but he does not try to convince Bulero of this.
Later, Mayerson discusses his experience with a neo-Christian colonist and they conclude that either Eldritch became a god in the Prox system or some god-like being has taken his place.
Mayerson is convinced some aspect of Eldritch is still inside him, and that as long as he refuses to take Chew-Z again, it is Eldritch who will actually be killed by Bulero in the near future; Mayerson is half-resigned, half-hopeful about taking on the life of a Martian colonist without reprieve.
Mayerson considers the possibility of Eldritch being what humans have always thought of as a god, but inimical, or perhaps merely an inferior aspect of a bigger and better sort of god.
The novel has an ambiguous ending, with Bulero heading back toward Earth, and apparent proliferation of Eldritch's cyborg bodily 'stigmata', which may mean that Bulero is still trapped in Eldritch's hallucinatory domain, or that Chew-Z is becoming increasingly popular among Terrans and Martian colonists.
<EOS>
Ragle Gumm believes that he lives in the year 1959 in a quiet American suburb.
His unusual profession consists of repeatedly winning the cash prize in a local newspaper competition called, "Where Will The Little Green Man Be Next.
".
Gumm's 1959 has some differences from ours: the Tucker car is in production, AM/FM radios are scarce to non-existent and Marilyn Monroe is a complete unknown.
As the novel opens, strange things begin to happen to Gumm.
A soft-drink stand disappears, replaced by a small slip of paper with the words "SOFT-DRINK STAND" printed on it in block letters.
Intriguing little pieces of the real 1959 turn up: a magazine article on Marilyn Monroe, a telephone book with non-operational exchanges listed and radios hidden away in someone else's house.
People with no apparent connection to Gumm, including military pilots using aircraft transceivers, refer to him by name.
Few other characters notice these or experience similar anomalies; the sole exception is Gumm's supposed brother-in-law, Victor "Vic" Nielson, in whom he confides.
A neighborhood woman, mrs Keitelbein, invites him to a Civil Defense class where he sees a model of a futuristic underground military factory.
He has the unshakeable feeling he's been inside that building many times before.
Confusion gradually mounts for Gumm.
His neighbor Bill Black knows far more about these events than he admits, and, observing this, begins worrying: "Suppose Ragle [Gumm] is becoming sane again.
" In fact, Gumm does become sane, and the deception surrounding him (erected to protect and exploit him) begins to unravel.
Gumm tries to escape the town and is turned back by kafkaesque obstructions.
He sees a magazine with himself on the cover, in a military uniform, at the factory depicted in the model.
He tries a second time to escape, this time with Vic, and succeeds.
He learns that his idyllic town is a constructed reality designed to protect him from the frightening fact that he lives on a then-future Earth (circa 1998) that is at war against Lunar colonists who are fighting for a permanent Lunar settlement, politically independent from Earth.
Gumm has a unique ability to predict where the colonists' nuclear strikes will be aimed.
Previously Gumm did this work for the military, but then he defected to the colonists' side and planned to secretly emigrate to the Moon.
But before this could happen he began retreating into a fantasy world based largely upon the relatively idyllic surroundings of his extreme youth.
He was no longer able to shoulder his responsibility as Earth's lone protector from Lunar-launched nuclear offensives.
The fake town was thereby created within Gumm's mind to accommodate and rationalise his dementia so that he could continue predicting nuclear strikes in the guise of submitting entries to a harmless newspaper contest and without the ethical qualms involved with being on the "wrong" side of a civil war.
When Gumm finally remembers his true personal history, he decides to emigrate to the Moon after all because he feels that exploration and migration, as basic human impulses, should never be denied to people by any national or planetary government.
Vic rejects this belief, referring to the colonists essentially as aggressors and terrorists, and returns to the simulated town- which has lost its raison d'etre because of Gumm's escape from its environs.
The book ends with some hope for peace, because the Lunar colonists are more willing to negotiate than Earth's "One Happy World" regime has been telling its citizens.
<EOS>
The novel is set in the year 1992, by which humanity has colonized the Moon and psychic powers are common.
The protagonist, Joe Chip, is a debt-ridden technician working for Runciter Associates, a "prudence organization" which employs "inertials", people with the ability to negate the powers of telepaths and "precogs", to enforce privacy of clients.
The company is run by Glenn Runciter, assisted by his deceased wife Ella, who is kept in a state of "half-life", a form of cryonic suspension that allows the deceased limited consciousness and ability to communicate.
While consulting with Ella, Runciter discovers that her consciousness is being invaded by another half-lifer, Jory Miller.
When business magnate Stanton Mick hires Runciter Associates to secure his lunar facilities from alleged psychic intrusion, Runciter assembles a team of 11 of his best inertials, including Pat Conley, a mysterious girl with the unique psychic ability to undo events by changing the past who has just been hired by the company.
Runciter and Chip travel with the group to Mick's Moon base, where they discover that the assignment is a trap, presumably set by the company's main adversary, Ray Hollis, who leads an organization of psychics.
A bomb blast apparently kills Runciter without significantly harming the others.
They rush back to Earth to place him into half-life, but they cannot establish contact with him and his body is set to be buried.
From the moment of the explosion, the group begins to experience strange shifts in reality.
Many objects they come into contact with are much older than they should be, some of them being older types of the same object, and they gradually find themselves moving into the past, eventually anchoring in 1939.
At the same time, they find themselves surrounded by "manifestations" of Runciter, for example as his face appears on their money.
Furthermore, members of the group one by one begin to feel tired and cold, then quickly wither away and die.
Chip attempts to make sense of what is happening, and discovers two contradictory messages from Runciter, one stating that he is alive and they are dead, and another claiming to have been recorded by him while he was still alive; the latter message advertises Ubik, a product which can be used to temporarily reverse deterioration.
He deduces that they may have all died in the blast, now linked together in half-life, and unsuccessfully tries to get hold of Ubik.
After receiving another message, Chip accuses Conley of working for Hollis and causing the deterioration with her ability, and while he himself is withering away, she confirms this.
As she leaves him to die, he is saved by Runciter, who sprays him with Ubik and tells him that the group is indeed in half-life and he himself is alive and trying to help them, though he does not know where Ubik comes from.
As Runciter disappears, Jory Miller reveals himself to Chip, telling him that he, not Conley, has killed off now the entire group, as he "consumes" half-lifers to sustain himself, and that the entire reality they are experiencing is created and maintained by him, except the reversal to 1939.
However, Chip is temporarily protected from being consumed through the effect of Ubik, and leaves Jory.
As he at last begins to deteriorate again, he meets Ella, who saves him by granting him a life-long supply of Ubik, and instructs him to stay half-alive to assist Runciter after she herself reincarnates.
Ubik is claimed to have been developed by her and several other half-lifers as a defense against Jory.
Each chapter is introduced by a commercial advertising Ubik as a different product serving a specific use.
The last chapter is introduced by Ubik claiming that it has created and directed the universe, and that its real name is unknown and unspoken.
In the short chapter, Runciter, who is in the "living" world mourning the loss of his best employees, finds himself with coins showing Chip's face, and feels that this is "just the beginning".
<EOS>
In this alternate history, the corrupt United States president Ferris Fremont (FFF for 666, ‘F’ being the 6th letter in the alphabet) becomes Chief Executive in the late 1960s following Lyndon Johnson's administration.
The character is best described as an amalgam of Joseph McCarthy and Richard Nixon, who abrogates civil liberties and human rights through positing a conspiracy theory centered on a (presumably) fictitious subversive organization known as "Aramchek".
In addition to this, he is associated with a right-wing populist movement called "Friends of the American People" (FAPers).
The President's paranoia and opportunism lead to the establishment of a real resistance movement that is organized through narrow-beam radio transmissions from a mysterious alien near-Earth satellite by a superintelligent, extraterrestrial, but less than omnipotent being (or network) named VALIS.
Like its successor VALIS, this novel is autobiographical.
Dick himself is a major character, though fictitious protagonist Nicholas Brady serves as a vehicle for Dick's alleged gnostic theophany on February 11, 1974.
In addition, Silvia Sadassa is a character who claims that Ferris Fremont is actually a communist covert agent recruited by Sadassa's mother when Fremont was still a teenager.
As with VALIS, Radio Free Albemuth deals with Dick's highly personal style of Christianity (or Gnosticism).
It further examines the moral and ethical repercussions of informing on trusted friends for the authorities.
Also prominent is Dick's dislike of the Republican Party, satirizing Nixon's America as a Stalinist or neo-fascist police state.
Fremont eventually captures and imprisons Dick and Brady after the latter attempts to produce and distribute a record that contains subliminal messages of revolt against the current dictatorship.
Brady and Silvia are executed, and Dick narrates the concluding passage about his life in a concentration camp, where his supposedly latest work is actually penned by a ghost writer and regime-approved hack.
Suddenly, however, he hears music blaring from a transistor radio which contains the same subliminal message.
He and his friends, it turns out, were just a decoy set up by VALIS to detour the government from stopping a much more popular A-List band from releasing a similar record with a better-established recording company.
As Dick realizes this and hears youngsters repeating the lyrics, he realizes that salvation may lie within the hearts and minds of the next generation.
<EOS>
As he entered st Peter's Square to address an audience on 13 May 1981, Pope John Paul II was shot and critically wounded by Mehmet Ali Ağca, an expert Turkish gunman who was a member of the militant fascist group Grey Wolves.
The assassin used a Browning 9&nbsp;mm semi-automatic pistol, shooting the pope in the abdomen and perforating his colon and small intestine multiple times.
John Paul II was rushed into the Vatican complex and then to the Gemelli Hospital.
On the way to the hospital, he lost consciousness.
Even though the two bullets missed his mesenteric artery and abdominal aorta, he lost nearly three-quarters of his blood.
He underwent five hours of surgery to treat his wounds.
Surgeons performed a colostomy, temporarily rerouting the upper part of the large intestine to let the damaged lower part heal.
When he briefly regained consciousness before being operated on, he instructed the doctors not to remove his Brown Scapular during the operation.
One of the few people allowed in to see him at the Gemelli Clinic was one of his closest friends philosopher Anna-Teresa Tymieniecka, who arrived on Saturday 16 May and kept him company while he recovered from emergency surgery.
The pope later stated that Our Lady of Fátima helped keep him alive throughout his ordeal.
Could I forget that the event in st Peter's Square took place on the day and at the hour when the first appearance of the Mother of Christ to the poor little peasants has been remembered for over sixty years at Fátima, Portugal.
For in everything that happened to me on that very day, I felt that extraordinary motherly protection and care, which turned out to be stronger than the deadly bullet.
Ağca was caught and restrained by a nun and other bystanders until police arrived.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Two days after Christmas in 1983, John Paul II visited Ağca in prison.
John Paul II and Ağca spoke privately for about twenty minutes.
John Paul II said, "What we talked about will have to remain a secret between him and me.
I spoke to him as a brother whom I have pardoned and who has my complete trust".
Numerous other theories were advanced to explain the assassination attempt, some of them controversial.
One such theory, advanced by Michael Ledeen and heavily pushed by the United States Central Intelligence Agency at the time of the assassination but never substantiated by evidence, was that the Soviet Union was behind the attempt on John Paul II's life in retaliation for the pope's support of Solidarity, the Catholic, pro-democratic Polish workers' movement.
This theory was supported by the 2006 Mitrokhin Commission, set up by Silvio Berlusconi and headed by Forza Italia senator Paolo Guzzanti, which alleged that Communist Bulgarian security departments were utilised to prevent the Soviet Union's role from being uncovered, and concluded that Soviet military intelligence (Glavnoje Razvedyvatel'noje Upravlenije), not the KGB, were responsible.
Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spokesman Boris Labusov called the accusation "absurd".
The pope declared during a May 2002 visit to Bulgaria that the country's Soviet-bloc-era leadership had nothing to do with the assassination attempt.
However, his secretary, Cardinal Stanisław Dziwisz, alleged in his book A Life with Karol, that the pope was convinced privately that the former Soviet Union was behind the attack.
It was later discovered that many of John Paul II's aides had foreign-government attachments; Bulgaria and Russia disputed the Italian commission's conclusions, pointing out that the pope had publicly denied the Bulgarian connection.
A second assassination attempt was made on 12 May 1982, just a day before the anniversary of the first attempt on his life, in Fátima, Portugal when a man tried to stab John Paul II with a bayonet.
He was stopped by security guards.
Stanisław Dziwisz later said that John Paul II had been injured during the attempt but managed to hide a non-life-threatening wound.
The assailant, a traditionalist Catholic Spanish priest named Juan María Fernández y Krohn, had been ordained as a priest by Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre of the Society of Saint Pius X and was opposed to the changes made by the Second Vatican Council, claiming that the pope was an agent of Communist Moscow and of the Marxist Eastern Bloc.
Fernández y Krohn subsequently left the priesthood and served three years of a six-year sentence.
The ex-priest was treated for mental illness and then expelled from Portugal to become a solicitor in Belgium.
The Al-Qaeda-funded Bojinka plot planned to kill John Paul II during a visit to the Philippines during World Youth Day 1995 celebrations.
On 15 January 1995 a suicide bomber was planning to dress as a priest and detonate a bomb when the pope passed in his motorcade on his way to the San Carlos Seminary in Makati City.
The assassination was supposed to divert attention from the next phase of the operation.
However, a chemical fire inadvertently started by the cell alerted police to their whereabouts, and all were arrested a week before the pope's visit, and confessed to the plot.
In 2009 John Koehler, a journalist and former army intelligence officer, published Spies in the Vatican: The Soviet Union's Cold War Against the Catholic Church.
Mining mostly East German and Polish secret police archives, Koehler says the assassination attempts were "KGB-backed" and gives details.
During John Paul II's papacy there were many clerics within the Vatican who on nomination, declined to be ordained, and then mysteriously left the church.
There is wide speculation that they were, in reality, KGB agents.
<EOS>
During a lunchtime tryst in Phoenix, Arizona, a real estate secretary named Marion Crane discusses with her boyfriend, Sam Loomis, how they cannot afford to get married because of Sam's debts.
After lunch, Marion returns to work, where a client drops off a $40,000 cash payment on a property.
Her boss asks her to deposit the money in the bank, and she asks if she can take the rest of the afternoon off.
Returning home, she begins to pack for an unplanned trip, deciding to steal the money and give it to Sam in Fairvale, California.
She is seen by her boss on her way out of town, which makes her nervous.
During the trip, she pulls over on the side of the road and falls asleep, only to be awakened by a state patrol officer.
He is suspicious about her nervous behavior but allows her to drive on.
Shaken by the encounter, Marion stops at an automobile dealership and trades in her Ford Mainline, with its Arizona license plates, for a Ford Custom 300 that has California tags.
Her transaction is all for naught—the highway patrolman sees her at the car dealership and witnesses her purchase of the newer car.
Driving on, Marion encounters a sudden rainstorm and decides to stop for the night at the Bates Motel; the proprietor, Norman Bates, invites her to a light dinner after she checks in.
She accepts, but then hears an argument between Norman and his mother about bringing a woman into her house.
They eat in the motel parlor, where he tells her about his hobby of taxidermy and his life with his mother, who is mentally ill and forbids him to have a life outside of her.
Returning to her room, Marion decides to go back to Phoenix to return the stolen money.
She prepares to take a shower, unaware that Norman is spying on her.
As she is showering, a shadowy female figure suddenly comes in and stabs her to death with a chef's knife.
Norman discovers the murder and meticulously cleans up the crime scene, putting Marion's corpse and her possessions—including the embezzled money—into the trunk of her car and sinking it in the swamps near the motel.
A week later, Marion's sister Lila arrives in Fairvale and confronts Sam about the whereabouts of her sister.
A private investigator named Arbogast approaches them and confirms that Marion is wanted for stealing the $40,000 from her employer.
He eventually comes across the Bates Motel, where Norman's behavior arouses his suspicions.
After hearing that Marion had met with Norman's mother, he asks to speak with her, but Norman refuses.
Arbogast calls Lila and Sam, informing them of what he has discovered and saying he intends to speak with Norman's mother.
He goes to the Bates' home in search of her; as he reaches the top of the stairs, mrs Bates suddenly appears from the bedroom and murders him.
When Lila and Sam do not hear from Arbogast, they go to the local sheriff, who informs them that mrs Bates has been dead for ten years; she had killed herself and her lover.
Concerned, Lila and Sam make their way to the motel.
Norman takes his unwilling mother from her room, telling her he needs to hide her for a while in the fruit cellar.
At the motel, Lila and Sam meet Norman.
Sam distracts him by striking up a conversation while Lila sneaks up to the house.
When Norman eventually realizes what they want, he knocks Sam out and rushes to the house.
Lila sees Norman approaching and attempts to hide by going down steps that lead to a cellar.
There she finds mrs Bates sitting in a chair.
Lila turns her around and discovers that she is in fact a mummified corpse.
Lila screams as a figure comes running into the cellar: Norman, holding a chef's knife and wearing his mother's clothes and a wig.
Before Norman can attack Lila, Sam, having regained consciousness, subdues him.
At the local courthouse, a psychiatrist explains that Norman had murdered mrs Bates and her lover ten years prior out of jealousy.
Before, they had been living an isolated life together after his father's death, until she met this new man.
Unable to bear the guilt, he exhumed her corpse and began to treat it as if she were still alive.
In order to preserve that illusion, he recreated his mother in his own mind as an alternate personality, often dressing in her clothes and talking to himself in her voice.
This "Mother" personality is just as jealous and possessive as the real mrs Bates had been: whenever Norman feels attracted to another woman, "Mother" flies into a rage and kills the woman.
As "Mother", Norman had killed two missing girls prior to Marion, as well as Arbogast.
The psychiatrist then says the "Mother" personality has taken permanent hold of Norman's mind.
While Norman sits in a holding cell, mrs Bates' voice is heard protesting that the murders were Norman's doing and that she "wouldn't even harm a fly".
Meanwhile, Marion's car is pulled out of the swamp.
<EOS>
The novel opens with Mrs Bennet trying to persuade Mr Bennet to visit an eligible bachelor, Mr Bingley, who has arrived in the neighborhood.
After some verbal sparring with Mr Bennet baiting his wife, it transpires that this visit has taken place at Netherfield (Mr Bingley's rented house).
The visit is followed by an invitation to a ball at the local assembly rooms that the whole neighborhood will attend.
At the ball, Mr Bingley is open and cheerful, popular with all the guests, and appears to be very attracted to the beautiful Miss Bennet.
His friend, Mr Darcy, is reputed to be twice as wealthy; however, he is haughty and aloof.
He declines to dance with Elizabeth suggesting that she is not pretty enough to tempt him.
She finds this amusing and jokes about the statement with her friends.
Miss Jane Bennet also attracts the attention of Mr Bingley's sister Caroline, who invites her to visit.
Jane visits Miss Bingley and is caught in a rain shower on the way, catching a serious cold.
Elizabeth, out of genuine concern for her sister's well being, visits her sister there.
This is the point at which Darcy begins to see the attraction of Elizabeth, and Miss Bingley is shown to be jealous of Elizabeth since she wants to marry Darcy herself.
Mr Collins, a cousin of Mr Bennet and heir to the Longbourn estate, visits the Bennet family.
He is a pompous and obsequious clergyman because he expects each of the Bennet girls to wish to marry him due to his inheritance.
He plans to propose to Elizabeth over Jane as he is led to believe Jane is taken.
Elizabeth and her family meet the dashing and charming Mr Wickham who singles out Elizabeth and tells her a story of the hardship that Mr Darcy has caused him by depriving him of a living (position as clergyman in a prosperous parish with good revenue that once granted, is for life) promised to him by Mr Darcy's late father.
Elizabeth's dislike of Mr Darcy is confirmed.
At a ball at which Mr Wickham is not present, Elizabeth dances with Mr Darcy rather against her will.
Other than Jane and Elizabeth, all the members of the Bennet family show their lack of decorum.
Mrs Bennet states loudly that she expects Jane and Bingley to become engaged and each member of the family exposes the whole to ridicule.
The following morning, Mr Collins proposes to Elizabeth.
She rejects him to the fury of her mother and the relief of her father.
They receive news that the Bingleys are leaving for London, and that Mr Collins has proposed to Charlotte Lucas, a sensible lady and Elizabeth's friend.
She is slightly older and is grateful to receive a proposal that will guarantee her a home.
Elizabeth is aghast at such pragmatism in matters of love.
Jane goes to visit her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner at an unfashionable address in London.
Miss Bingley clearly does not want to continue the friendship and Jane is upset though very composed.
In the spring, Elizabeth visits Charlotte and Mr Collins in Kent.
Elizabeth and her hosts are frequently invited to Rosings Park, the imposing home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh.
Lady Catherine is Mr Darcy's aunt and extremely wealthy.
She expects Mr Darcy to marry her daughter.
Mr Darcy and his cousin, Colonel FitzWilliam, visit Lady Catherine.
Colonel FitzWilliam tells Elizabeth how Mr Darcy managed to save a friend from a bad match by convincing the friend of the lady's indifference.
Elizabeth is horrified at Darcy's involvement in an affair which has caused her sister so much pain.
Mr Darcy, however, has fallen in love with Elizabeth and proposes to her.
She rejects him, stating that she could not love a man who has caused her sister such unhappiness, and accuses him of treating Mr Wickham unjustly.
Mr Darcy accuses her family of wanting propriety and suggests he has been kinder to Bingley than himself.
Both are furious and they part barely speaking.
The following morning, Mr Darcy gives Elizabeth a letter that explains that his treatment of Mr Wickham was caused by the fact that Mr Wickham refused the Living and was compensated economically, but then proceeded to waste all the money and then, impoverished, demanded the Living again with threats.
After being refused, he tried to elope with Darcy's 15-year-old sister Georgiana for her great dowry, as Colonel FitzWilliam could also attest.
He also claimed that he believed that Miss Bennet who, despite her amiability, is actually a bit reserved, did not love Mr Bingley.
Darcy apologises for hurting Jane and Elizabeth begins to rejudge Mr Darcy on a clearer basis.
Some months later, Elizabeth and her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner visit Darcy's estate in Derbyshire, Pemberley.
While there Elizabeth hears an account of him from the housekeeper as being kind and generous.
When Mr Darcy returns unexpectedly, he is overwhelmingly kind and civil and invites Elizabeth and the Gardiner's to meet his sister and go fishing.
Elizabeth is surprised and delighted by the kindness to herself and her aunt and uncle.
However, she suddenly has news from Longbourne that her sister Lydia had eloped with Mr Wickham.
She tells Mr Darcy immediately and departs in haste, believing she will never see him again as Lydia's disgrace would ruin the family's good name.
After an agonizing wait, Mr Wickham is persuaded to marry Lydia with only the payment of debts required.
With some degree of decency restored, Lydia visits Elizabeth and tells her that Mr Darcy was at the wedding.
Mrs Gardiner informs Elizabeth that it is Mr Darcy who has made the match and hints that he may have a motive for doing so.
At this point, Mr Bingley and Mr Darcy return to Netherfield.
Bingley proposes to Jane and is accepted, much to the delight of all.
Lady Catherine visits Elizabeth under the impression that she is going to marry Mr Darcy, Elizabeth refuses to deny this claim and Lady Catherine leaves outraged by her perceived insolence.
Darcy and Elizabeth go for a walk together and they become engaged.
Elizabeth then has to convince her father that she is not marrying for money, and it is only after she speaks about Mr Darcy's true worth that he is happy about the wedding.
<EOS>
In Muromachi Japan, an Emishi village is attacked by a demon.
The last Emishi prince, Ashitaka, kills it before it reaches the village, but its corruption curses his arm in the battle.
The curse gives him superhuman strength in the injured arm, but is fatal.
The villagers discover that the demon was once a boar god, Nago, corrupted by an iron ball lodged in his body.
The village's wise woman tells Ashitaka that he may find a cure in the western lands Nago came from.
Heading west, Ashitaka meets Jiko-bō, a wandering monk, who tells Ashitaka he may find help from the Great Forest Spirit, a Kirin-like creature by day and a giant "nightwalker" by night.
Nearby, men herd oxen to Irontown, led by Lady Eboshi, when they are attacked by a wolf pack led by the wolf goddess Moro.
Riding one of the wolves is San, a human girl.
Later, Ashitaka discovers two injured Irontown men, and sees San and her wolf pack; he greets them, but they leave.
He carries the injured men through the forest, where he encounters many kodama, and glimpses the Forest Spirit.
In Irontown, Ashitaka learns Eboshi has built the town by clear-cutting forests to claim ironsand and produce iron, leading to conflict with the forest gods.
The town is a refuge for social outcasts, including former brothel workers and lepers, whom Eboshi employs to manufacture firearms to defend against the gods; Nago was turned into a demon by one of Eboshi's guns.
Eboshi also explains that San, self-dubbed Princess Mononoke, was raised by the wolves as one of their own and resents humankind.
San infiltrates Irontown to kill Eboshi, but Ashitaka intervenes, knocking them both unconscious.
As he leaves, he is fatally shot by a villager, but the curse allows him to continue carrying San and only collapse much later.
San awakens and almost kills the dying Ashitaka, but hesitates when he tells her that she is beautiful.
She takes him to the forest, and decides to trust him after the Forest Spirit saves his life.
A boar clan led by the blind boar god Okkoto attacks Irontown to save the forest.
Eboshi prepares for battle and sets out to kill the Forest Spirit under Jiko-bō's supervision, who is working for the government.
Eboshi intends to give the god's head to the Emperor of Japan in return for protection from local daimyō; according to legend, the Forest Spirit's head grants immortality.
In battle, the boar clan is annihilated and Okkoto is corrupted by gunshot wounds.
Jiko-bō's men disguise themselves in boar skins and trick the rampaging Okkoto into leading them to the Forest Spirit.
San tries to stop Okkoto, but is swept up in his demonic corruption.
Moro intervenes and Ashitaka dives into the corruption to save San.
However, Ashitaka's infection is accelerated, and San is also cursed by the corruption.
The Forest Spirit kills Okkoto and Moro, and during its nightwalker transformation, Eboshi decapitates it.
It bleeds ooze that instantly kills life as it searches for its head, which Jiko-bō has stolen.
The forest and its kodama begin to die, and Moro uses her last moment to bite off Eboshi's right arm.
Ashitaka follows Jiko-bō to Irontown after bandaging Eboshi and convincing San to accompany him.
Ashitaka and San are able to retrieve the head and return it to the Forest Spirit.
Restored, the Forest Spirit cures them of the curse and heals the land.
Though close, San decides to stay in the forest; Ashitaka will help rebuild Irontown, but tells San he will visit her.
Eboshi vows to build a better town, as the forest begins to grow.
<EOS>
Shade's poem digressively describes many aspects of his life.
Canto 1 includes his early encounters with death and glimpses of what he takes to be the supernatural.
Canto 2 is about his family and the apparent suicide of his daughter, Hazel Shade.
Canto 3 focuses on Shade's search for knowledge about an afterlife, culminating in a "faint hope" in higher powers "playing a game of worlds" as indicated by apparent coincidences.
Canto 4 offers details on Shade's daily life and creative process, as well as thoughts on his poetry, which he finds to be a means of somehow understanding the universe.
In Kinbote's editorial contributions he tells three stories intermixed with each other.
One is his own story, notably including what he thinks of as his friendship with Shade.
After Shade was murdered, Kinbote acquired the manuscript, including some variants, and has taken it upon himself to oversee the poem's publication, telling readers that it lacks only line 1000.
Kinbote's second story deals with King Charles II, "The Beloved," the deposed king of Zembla.
King Charles escaped imprisonment by Soviet-backed revolutionaries, making use of a secret passage and brave adherents in disguise.
Kinbote repeatedly claims that he inspired Shade to write the poem by recounting King Charles's escape to him and that possible allusions to the king, and to Zembla, appear in Shade's poem, especially in rejected drafts.
However, no explicit reference to King Charles is to be found in the poem.
Kinbote's third story is that of Gradus, an assassin dispatched by the new rulers of Zembla to kill the exiled King Charles.
Gradus makes his way from Zembla through Europe and America to New Wye, suffering comic mishaps.
In the last note, to the missing line 1000, Kinbote narrates how Gradus killed Shade by mistake.
The reader soon realizes that Kinbote is King Charles, living incognito—or, though Kinbote builds an elaborate picture of Zembla complete with samples of a constructed language, that he is insane and that his identification with King Charles is a delusion, as perhaps all of Zembla is.
Nabokov said in an interview that Kinbote committed suicide after finishing the book.
The critic Michael Wood has stated, "This is authorial trespassing, and we don't have to pay attention to it," but Brian Boyd has argued that internal evidence points to Kinbote's suicide.
One of Kinbote's annotations to Shade's poem (corresponding to line 493) addresses the subject of suicide at some length.
<EOS>
Preacher tells the story of Jesse Custer, a preacher in the small Texas town of Annville.
Custer is accidentally possessed by the supernatural creature named Genesis, the infant product of the unauthorized, unnatural coupling of an angel and a demon.
The incident flattens Custer's church and kills his entire congregation.
Genesis has no sense of individual will, but since it is composed of both pure goodness and pure evil, its power might rival that of God Himself, making Jesse Custer, bonded to Genesis, potentially the most powerful being in the universe.
Driven by a strong sense of right and wrong, Custer journeys across the United States attempting to literally find God, who abandoned Heaven the moment Genesis was born.
He also begins to discover the truth about his new powers.
They allow him, when he wills it, to command the obedience of those who hear and comprehend his words.
He is joined by his old girlfriend Tulip O'Hare, as well as a hard-drinking Irish vampire named Cassidy.
During the course of their journeys, the three encounter enemies and obstacles both sacred and profane, including The Saint of Killers, an invincible, quick-drawing, perfect-aiming, come-lately Angel of Death answering only to "He who sits on the throne"; a disfigured suicide attempt survivor turned rock-star named Arseface; a serial-killer called the 'Reaver-Cleaver'; The Grail, a secret organization controlling the governments of the world and protecting the bloodline of Jesus; Herr Starr, ostensible Allfather of the Grail, a megalomaniac with a penchant for prostitutes, who wishes to use Custer for his own ends; several fallen angels; and Jesse's own redneck 'family' — particularly his nasty Cajun grandmother, her mighty bodyguard Jody, and the 'animal-loving'C.
<EOS>
Quake II takes place in a science fiction environment.
In the single-player game, the player assumes the role of a Marine named Bitterman taking part in "Operation Alien Overlord", a desperate attempt to prevent an alien invasion of Earth by launching a counterattack against the home planet of the hostile Strogg civilization.
Most of the other soldiers are captured or killed as soon as they approach the planned landing zone.
Bitterman survives only because another Marine's personal capsule collided with his upon launch, causing him to crash far short of the landing zone.
It falls upon Bitterman to penetrate the Strogg capital city alone and assassinate the Strogg leader, the Makron.
<EOS>
In the single-player game, the player takes the role of the protagonist known as Ranger who was sent into a portal in order to stop an enemy code-named "Quake".
The government had been experimenting with teleportation technology and developed a working prototype called a "Slipgate"; the mysterious Quake compromised the Slipgate by connecting it with its own teleportation system, using it to send death squads to the "Human" dimension in order to test the martial capabilities of humanity.
The sole surviving protagonist in "Operation Counterstrike" is Ranger, who must advance, starting each of the four episodes from an overrun human military base, before fighting his way into other dimensions, reaching them via the Slipgate or their otherworld equivalent.
After passing through the Slipgate, Ranger's main objective is to collect four magic runes from four dimensions of Quake; these are the key to stopping the enemy later discovered as Shub-Niggurath and ending the invasion of Earth.
The single-player campaign consists of 30 separate levels, or "maps", divided into four episodes (with a total of 26 regular maps and four secret ones), as well as a hub level to select a difficulty setting and episode, and the game's final boss level.
Each episode represents individual dimensions that the player can access through magical portals (as opposed to the technological Slipgate) that are discovered over the course of the game.
The various realms consist of a number of gothic, medieval, and lava-filled caves and dungeons, with a recurring theme of hellish and satanic imagery reminiscent of Doom (such as pentagrams and images of demons on the walls).
The latter is inspired by several dark fantasy influences, most notably that of Lovecraft.
Dimensional Shamblers appear as enemies, the "Spawn" enemies are called "Formless Spawn of Tsathoggua" in the manual, the boss of the first episode is named Chthon, and the final boss is named Shub-Niggurath (though actually resembling a Dark Young).
Some levels have Lovecraftian names, such as the Vaults of Zin and The Nameless City.
In addition, six levels exclusively designed for multiplayer deathmatch are also included.
Originally, the game was supposed to include more Lovecraftian bosses, but this concept was scrapped due to time constraints.
<EOS>
A criminologist narrates the tale of the newly engaged couple Brad Majors and Janet Weiss who find themselves lost and with a flat tire on a cold and rainy late November evening, somewhere near Denton, Ohio.
Seeking a telephone, the couple walk to a nearby castle where they discover a group of strange and outlandish people who are holding an Annual Transylvanian Convention.
They are soon swept into the world of dr Frank Furter, a self-proclaimed "sweet transvestite from Transsexual, Transylvania".
The ensemble of convention attendees also includes servants Riff Raff, his sister Magenta, and a groupie named Columbia.
In his lab, Frank claims to have discovered the "secret to life itself".
His creation, Rocky, is brought to life.
The ensuing celebration is soon interrupted by Eddie (an ex-delivery boy, both Frank and Columbia's ex-lover, as well as partial brain donor to Rocky) who rides out of a deep freeze on a motorcycle.
Eddie then proceeds to seduce Columbia, get the Transylvanians dancing and singing and intrigue Brad and Janet.
When Rocky starts dancing and enjoying Eddie's performance, however, a jealous Frank kills him with a pickaxe.
Columbia screams in horror, devastated by Eddie's death.
Frank justifies killing Eddie as a "mercy killing" to Rocky and they depart to the bridal suite.
Brad and Janet are shown to separate bedrooms, where each is visited and seduced by Frank, who poses as Brad (when visiting Janet) and then as Janet (when visiting Brad).
Janet, upset and emotional, wanders off to look for Brad, who she discovers, via a television monitor, is in bed with Frank.
She then discovers Rocky, cowering in his birth tank, hiding from Riff Raff, who has been tormenting him.
While tending to his wounds, Janet becomes intimate with Rocky, as Magenta and Columbia watch from their bedroom monitor.
After discovering that his creation is missing, Frank returns to the lab with Brad and Riff Raff, where Frank learns that an intruder has entered the building.
Brad and Janet's old high school science teacher, dr Everett Scott, has come looking for his nephew, Eddie.
Frank suspects that dr Scott investigates UFOs for the government.
Upon learning of Brad and Janet's connection to dr Scott, Frank suspects them of working for him.
Frank, dr Scott, Brad, and Riff Raff then discover Janet and Rocky together under the sheets in Rocky's birth tank, upsetting Frank and Brad.
Magenta interrupts the reunion by sounding a massive gong and stating that dinner is prepared.
Rocky and the guests share an uncomfortable dinner, which they soon realize has been prepared from Eddie's mutilated remains.
Janet runs screaming into Rocky's arms, provoking Frank to chase her through the halls.
Janet, Brad, dr Scott, Rocky, and Columbia all meet in Frank's lab, where Frank captures them with the Medusa Transducer, transforming them into nude statues.
After dressing them in cabaret costume, Frank "unfreezes" them, and they perform a live cabaret floor show, complete with an RKO tower and a swimming pool, with Frank as the leader.
Riff Raff and Magenta interrupt the performance, revealing themselves and Frank to be aliens from the planet Transsexual in the galaxy of Transylvania.
They stage a coup and announce a plan to return to their home planet.
In the process, they kill Columbia and Frank, who has "failed his mission".
An enraged Rocky, impervious to Riff Raff's laser gun, gathers Frank in his arms, climbs to the top of the tower, and plunges to his death in the pool below.
Riff Raff and Magenta release Brad, Janet, and dr Scott, then depart by lifting off in the castle itself.
The survivors are then left crawling in the dirt, and the narrator concludes that the human race is equivalent to insects crawling on the planet's surface, "lost in time, and lost in space.
and meaning".
<EOS>
In a brief scene in 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American, Jake LaMotta, practices a comedy routine.
In 1941, LaMotta is in a major boxing match against Jimmy Reeves, where he received his first loss.
Jake's brother Joey LaMotta discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts.
Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 16-year-old girl named Vikki at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood.
He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married.
In 1943, Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson, and has a rematch three weeks later.
Despite the fact that Jake dominates Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels Robinson won only because he was enlisting into theS.
Army the following week.
By 1945, Jake marries Vikki.
Jake constantly worries about Vikki having feelings for other men, particularly when she makes an off-hand comment about Tony Janiro, Jake's opponent in his next fight.
His jealousy is evident when he brutally defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como, and Vikki.
As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vikki approach a table with Salvy and his crew.
Joey speaks with Vikki, who says she is giving up on his brother.
Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club.
Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which Como controls, he will have to take a dive first.
In a match against Billy Fox, after briefly pummeling his opponent, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight.
He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late.
He is eventually reinstated, and in 1949, wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan.
A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vikki.
Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and leaves.
Jake directly asks Vikki about the affair, and when she hides from him in the bathroom, he breaks down the door, prompting her to sarcastically state that she had sex with the entire neighborhood (including his brother, Salvy, and Tommy Como).
Jake angrily walks to Joey's house, with Vikki following him, and assaults Joey in front of his wife and children.
After defending his championship belt in a grueling fifteen-round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950, he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up.
Estranged from Joey, Jake's career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.
By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami.
After he stays out all night at his new nightclub there, Vikki tells him she wants a divorce (which she has been planning since his retirement) as well as full custody of their kids.
She also threatens to call the cops if he comes anywhere near them.
He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls to men in his club.
He tries and fails to bribe his way out of his criminal case using the jewels from his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself.
In 1957 he goes to jail where he pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair.
Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive.
Returning to the opening scene in 1964, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 film On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando, complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack.
After a stagehand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I'm the boss" while shadowboxing.
<EOS>
The main setting of the series is the eponymous mining spaceship Red Dwarf, which is long, tall, and wide and is operated by the Jupiter Mining Corporation.
In the first episode set sometime in the late 22nd century, an on-board radiation leak of cadmium II kills everyone except for lowest-ranking technician Dave Lister, who is in suspended animation at the time, and his pregnant cat, Frankenstein, who is safe in the cargo hold.
Following the accident, the ship's computer Holly keeps Lister in stasis until the radiation levels return to normal – a process that takes three million years.
Lister therefore emerges as the last human being in the universe – but not alone on-board the ship.
His former bunkmate and immediate superior Arnold Judas Rimmer is resurrected by Holly as a hologram to keep Lister sane.
At the same time, a creature known only as Cat is the last member on board of Felis sapiens, a race of humanoid felines that evolved in the ship's hold from Lister's cat, Frankenstein, and her kittens during the 3 million years that Lister was in stasis.
The main dramatic thrust of the early series is Lister's desire to return home to Earth, although the crew's ownership of an unlimited time-space travel drive in series seven was to later negate this intention.
As their journey begins, the not-so-intrepid crew encounters such phenomena as time distortions, faster-than-light travel, mutant diseases and strange lifeforms that had developed in the intervening millions of years.
During the second series, the group encounter the service mechanoid Kryten, rescuing him from a long-since crashed vessel.
Initially, Kryten only appeared in one episode of series two, but by the beginning of series three he had become a regular character.
At the end of series five, Red Dwarf itself is stolen by persons unknown, forcing the crew to travel in the smaller Starbug craft for two series, with the side-effect that they lose contact with Holly.
In series seven, Rimmer departs the crew to take up the role of his alter ego from a parallel universe, Ace Rimmer, whose name has become a long-standing legend and a legacy passed down from dimension to dimension.
Shortly afterwards, the crew encounters a parallel version of themselves from a universe in which Kristine Kochanski, Lister's long-term love interest, had been put into stasis at the time of the leak and so became the last remaining human.
A complicated series of events leaves Kochanski stranded in the series' main universe, where she is forced to join the crew.
At the end of series seven, we learn that Kryten's service nanobots, which had abandoned him years earlier, were behind the theft of the Red Dwarf at the end of series five.
At the beginning of the eighth series, Kryten's nanobots reconstruct the Red Dwarf, which they had broken down into its constituent atoms.
In the process, the entire crew of the ship – including a pre-accident Rimmer – are resurrected, but the Starbug crew find themselves sentenced to two years in the ship's brig (at first, for crashing a Starbug and bringing onboard Kryten and Cat as stowaways, but later for using information from the confidential files).
The series ends with a metal-eating virus loose on Red Dwarf.
The entire resurrected crew evacuates save the original dwarfers.
In the cliffhanger ending, Rimmer is left stranded alone to face Death (and promptly knees him in the groin and flees).
Nine years later, the four are once more the only beings on the ship.
Rimmer is again a hologram, Holly is offline, and Lister is mourning Kochanski, lost to him out of an airlock some time previously.
A chance to get back to Earth through a dimension warp presents itself; although it is not quite what it appears to be, it gives Lister new hope when he learns that Kochanski is still alive after all.
The tenth series sees Lister still travelling with Rimmer, Kryten and Cat in Red Dwarf, in hopes of eventually locating Kochanski above getting back to Earth.
<EOS>
The novel opens in 2850 AD on Earth.
Louis Gridley Wu is celebrating his 200th birthday.
Despite his age, Louis is in perfect physical condition (because of a regimen of boosterspice) but is bored.
He has experienced life thoroughly, and is thinking of taking a trip to and beyond the reaches of Known Space, all alone in a spaceship for a year or more.
He is confronted by Nessus, a Pierson's Puppeteer, and offered one of three open positions on an exploration voyage beyond Known Space.
Speaker-to-Animals (Speaker), who is a Kzin, and Teela Brown, a young human woman, also join the voyage.
They first travel to the Puppeteer home world, where they learn that the expedition's goal is to explore Ringworld, an artificial ring about one million miles (1,600,000 km) wide and approximately the diameter of Earth's orbit (which makes it about 600,000,000 miles or 950,000,000 km in circumference), encircling a sunlike star.
It rotates, providing artificial gravity that is 992% as strong as Earth's gravity through the action of centrifugal force.
The Ringworld has a habitable, flat inner surface equivalent in area to approximately three million Earth-sized planets.
Night is provided by an inner ring of shadow squares which are connected to each other by thin, ultra-strong wire (shadow-square wire).
None of the crew's attempts at contacting the Ringworld succeed, and their ship, the Lying Bastard, is disabled by the Ringworld's automated meteoroid-defense system.
The severely damaged vessel collides with a strand of shadow-square wire and crash-lands on the Ringworld near a huge mountain.
The ship's defenses keep the crew compartment and many of the ship's systems intact, including the faster-than-light drive (hyperdrive), but the normal drive is destroyed, leaving them unable to launch back into space to use the hyperdrive.
The team now has to set out to find a way to get back into space, as well as fulfilling their original mission – learning more about the Ringworld.
Using their flycycles (similar to antigravity motorcycles), they try to reach the rim of the ring, where they hope to find some technology that will help them.
It will take them months to cross the vast distance.
When Teela develops "Plateau trance" (a kind of highway hypnosis) from becoming too absorbed in watching the vast landscape ahead, they find themselves forced to land.
On the ground, they encounter apparently human Ringworld natives.
The natives, who are living primitively in the crumbling ruins of a once advanced city, think that the crew are the Engineers of the Ring, whom they revere as gods.
The crew is attacked when they commit what the natives consider blasphemy (the misuse of certain technologies).
They continue their journey during which Nessus is forced to reveal some Puppeteer secrets: they have performed indirect breeding experiments on both humans (breeding for luck) and kzin (breeding for less aggressiveness).
The resulting hostility forces Nessus to abandon the other three and follow them at a safe distance.
They encounter a city and, in a floating building, they find a map of the Ringworld and videos of its past civilization.
In a giant storm, caused by air escaping through a hole in the Ring floor due to meteoroid impact, Teela is blown away in an unknown direction.
While Louis and Speaker search for her in a ruined city, their flycycles are caught by an automatic police station designed to catch traffic offenders.
They are trapped in a prison in the basement of the police station.
Nessus arrives, entering the station to help his team.
In the station they meet Halrloprillalar Hotrufan ("Prill"), a former crew member of a spaceship used for trade between the Ringworld and other inhabited worlds.
Her ship was stranded on the Ringworld when the landing mechanism failed.
She relates what she learned of the downfall of the Ringworld's civilization: A mold that breaks down superconductors was introduced by a visiting spaceship.
Without its superconductive technology, civilization fell.
Teela reaches the police station, accompanied by her new lover, a native "hero" called Seeker who helped her survive.
Based on his studies of an ancient Ringworld map, Louis devises a plan to escape.
The four explorers, with Seeker and Prill, use the floating police station as a vehicle to travel back to the explorers' crashed ship.
Teela and Seeker choose to remain on Ringworld.
The remaining explorers and Prill collect one end of the shadow-square wire that was dislodged when the ship crashed, dragging the wire behind them as they travel.
Reaching the wreck, Louis threads the wire through the ship and uses it to tether the ship to the police station.
Still in the station, he then continues to pull the wire onward, up to the summit of "Fist-of-God", the enormous mountain near their crash site.
The massive mountain had not appeared on a map of the original Ringworld, leading Louis to conclude that it was in fact the result of a meteoroid impact with the underside of the ring, which pushed the "mountain" up from the ring floor and broke through.
The top of the mountain, above the edge of the ring's atmosphere, is therefore a passage to the underside of the Ringworld and freedom.
Louis drives the police station over the edge of the crater.
The Ringworld spins very quickly, so once the police station and ship are free of the ring, their speed is enough to get them back to open space in a reasonable time.
The crew can then use the ship's hyperdrive to get home.
The book concludes with Louis and Speaker discussing returning to the Ringworld.
<EOS>
On a training journey in the Bayankala Mountain Range in the Qinghai Province of China, Ranma Saotome and his father Genma fall into the cursed springs at.
When someone falls into a cursed spring, they take the physical form of whatever drowned there hundreds or thousands of years ago whenever they come into contact with cold water.
The curse will revert when exposed to hot water until their next cold water exposure.
Genma falls into the spring of a drowned panda while Ranma falls into the spring of a drowned girl.
Upon returning to Japan, the pair settle in Nerima, Tokyo at the dojo of Genma's old friend Soun Tendo, a fellow practitioner of or "Anything-Goes School" of martial arts which Genma passed on to Ranma.
Genma and Soun agreed years ago that their children would marry and carry on the Tendo Dojo.
Soun has three teenaged daughters: the polite and easygoing Kasumi, the greedy and indifferent Nabiki and the short-tempered, martial arts practicing Akane.
Akane, who is Ranma's age, is appointed for bridal duty by her sisters with the reasoning that Akane dislikes men and since Ranma is only a man half of the time, they are perfect together.
Both Ranma and Akane refuse the engagement initially, having not been consulted on the decision, but they are generally treated as betrothed and end up helping or saving each other on some occasions.
They are frequently found in each other's company and are constantly arguing in their trademark awkward love-hate manner that is a franchise focus.
Ranma goes to school with Akane at , where he meets his recurring opponent Tatewaki Kuno, the conceited kendo team captain who aggressively pursues Akane, but also falls in love with Ranma's female form without ever discovering his curse (despite most other characters knowing it).
Nerima serves as a backdrop for more martial arts mayhem with the introduction of Ranma's regular rivals, such as the eternally lost Ryoga Hibiki who traveled halfway across Japan getting from the front of his house to the back, where Ranma spent three days waiting for him.
Ryoga, seeking revenge on Ranma, followed him to Jusenkyo where he ultimately falls into the Spring of Drown Piglet.
Now when splashed with cold water he takes the form of a little black pig.
Not knowing this, Akane takes the piglet as a pet and names it P-chan, but Ranma knows and hates him for keeping this secret and taking advantage of the situation.
Another rival is the nearsighted Mousse, who also falls into a cursed spring and becomes a duck when he gets wet, and finally, there is Ranma's impish grandmaster, Happosai, who spends his time stealing the underwear of schoolgirls.
Ranma's prospective paramours include the martial arts rhythmic gymnastics champion Kodachi Kuno, and his second fiancée and childhood friend Ukyo Kuonji the okonomiyaki vendor, along with the Chinese Amazon Shampoo, supported by her great-grandmother Cologne.
As the series progresses, the school becomes more eccentric with the return of the demented, Hawaii-obsessed Principal Kuno and the placement of the power-leeching alternating child/adult Hinako Ninomiya as Ranma's English teacher.
Ranma's indecision to choose his true love causes chaos in his romantic and school life.
<EOS>
After an asteroid falls in Northeast Italy in 2077, creating a major disaster, the government of Earth sets up the Spaceguard system as an early warning of arrivals from deep space.
The "Rama" of the title is an alien starship, initially mistaken for an asteroid categorised as "31/439".
It is detected by astronomers in the year 2131 while it is still outside the orbit of Jupiter.
Its speed (100,000&nbsp;km/h) and the angle of its trajectory clearly indicate it is not on a long orbit around the sun, but comes from interstellar space.
The astronomers' interest is further piqued when they realise the asteroid has an extremely rapid rotation period of 4 minutes and is exceptionally large.
It is named Rama after the Hindu god, and an unmanned space probe dubbed Sita is launched from the Mars moon Phobos to intercept and photograph it.
The resulting images reveal that Rama is a perfect cylinder, in diameter and long, and completely featureless, making this humankind's first encounter with an alien spacecraft.
The manned solar survey vessel Endeavour is sent to study Rama, as it is the only ship close enough to do so in the brief period Rama will spend in our solar system.
Endeavour manages to rendezvous with Rama one month after it first comes to Earth's attention, when the alien ship is already inside Venus' orbit.
The 20+ crew, led by Commander Bill Norton, enters Rama through a dual safety system consisting of two sets of triple airlocks, six in all, and explores the vast 16-km wide by 50-km long cylindrical world of its interior, but the nature and purpose of the starship and its creators remain enigmatic throughout the book.
The astronauts discover that Rama is hollow, and that its inner surfaces hold vast "cities" of geometric structures that resemble buildings and are separated by streets with shallow trenches.
A mammoth band of water, dubbed the Cylindrical Sea, stretches around Rama's central circumference.
Massive cones, which the astronauts theorise are part of Rama's propulsion system, stand at its 'southern' end.
They also find that Rama's atmosphere is breathable.
One of the crew members, Jimmy Pak, who has experience with low gravity skybikes, volunteers to ride a smuggled skybike along Rama's axis to the far end, otherwise inaccessible due to the cylindrical sea and the 500-m high cliff on the opposite shore.
A few hours later, Jimmy reaches the massive metal cones on the southern end of Rama, and detects a strange magnetic field coming from the cones.
He takes some photos of the area and the strange plateau on the southern end of Rama's landmass.
As he leaves the area, the electrical charge in its atmosphere increases, resulting in lightning.
A discharge hits his skybike, causing him to crash on the isolated southern continent.
When Pak wakes up, he sees a crab-like creature picking up his skybike and chopping it into pieces.
He cannot decide whether it is a robot or a biological alien, and keeps his distance while radioing for help.
As Pak waits, Norton sends a rescue party across the cylindrical sea, using a small, improvised craft, constructed earlier for exploration of the sea's central island.
Pak sees the crab-like creature dump the skybike's remains into the sea.
The creature then walks towards but ultimately ignores him.
Pak explores the surrounding fields while waiting for the rescue party to arrive on the southern cliffs of the cylindrical sea.
Amongst the strange geometric structures, he sees an alien flower growing through a cracked tile in the otherwise sterile environment, and decides to take it as both a curiosity and for scientific research.
Pak jumps off the 500 m cliff, his descent slowed by the low gravity and using his shirt as a parachute, and is quickly rescued by the waiting boat.
As they ride back, tidal waves form in the cylindrical sea, created by the movements of Rama itself as it makes course corrections.
When the crew arrives at base, they see a variety of odd creatures inspecting their camp.
When one is found damaged and apparently lifeless, the team's doctor/biologist Surgeon-Commander Laura Ernst inspects it, and discovers it to be a hybrid biological entity and robot—eventually termed a "biot".
It, and by assumption the others, are powered by natural internal batteries (much like those of terrestrial electric eels) and possess some intelligence.
They are believed to be the drones of Rama's still-absent builders.
The members of the Rama Committee and the United Planets, both based on the moon, have been monitoring events inside Rama and giving feedback.
The Hermian colonists have concluded that Rama is a potential threat and send a rocket-mounted nuclear bomb to destroy it should it prove to pose a threat, but lt Boris Rodrigo uses a pair of wire cutters to defuse the bomb and its control.
As Rama approaches perihelion, the biots jump into the cylindrical sea, where they are destroyed (or recycled) by aquatic biots ('sharks') and reabsorbed into the mineral-laden water.
On their final expedition, some crew members decide to visit the city christened "London" (as it is closest to Rama's "northern" end, the point of their entry), where they use a laser to cut open one of the "buildings" to see what it houses.
They discover transparent pedestals containing holograms of various artefacts, which they theorise are used by the Ramans as templates for creating tools and other objects.
The most amazing of these appears to be a uniform with bandoliers, straps and pockets that suggests the size and shape of the Ramans.
As the crew photographs some of the holograms, the six gigantic striplights that illuminate Rama's interior start to dim, prompting the explorers to leave and re-board Endeavour.
With Endeavour a safe distance away, Rama reaches perihelion and utilizes the Sun's gravitational field, and its mysterious "space drive", to perform a slingshot manoeuvre which flings it out of the solar system and towards an unknown destination in the direction of the Large Magellanic Cloud.
The book was meant to stand alone, although its final sentence suggests otherwise:  Clarke denied that this sentence was a hint that the story might be continued.
In his foreword to the book's sequel, he stated that it was just a good way to end the first book, and that he added it during a final revision.
<EOS>
Outside of Goffs, California, in the Mojave Desert, a policeman pulls over a 1964 Chevrolet Malibu driven by dr Frank Parnell (Fox Harris).
The policeman opens the trunk, sees a blinding flash of white light, and is instantly vaporized, leaving only his boots behind.
Otto Maddox (Emilio Estevez), a young punk rocker living in Los Angeles, is fired from his boring job as a supermarket stock clerk.
His girlfriend leaves him for his best friend.
Depressed and broke, Otto is wandering the streets when a man named Bud (Harry Dean Stanton) drives up and offers him $25 to drive a car out of the neighborhood.
Otto follows Bud in the car to the "Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation" (a small automobile repossession agency), where he learns that the car he drove was being repossessed.
He refuses to join Bud as a repossession agent, or "repo man", and goes to his parents' house.
He learns that his burned-out, pot-smoking, ex-hippie parents (Jonathan Hugger, Sharon Gregg) have donated the money they promised him for finishing school to a crooked televangelist.
He decides to take the repo job.
Otto soon learns that, as Bud had told him, "the life of a repo man is always intense".
He enjoys the fast living, drug use, car chases, hot-wiring cars, and good pay.
His old life is boring by comparison.
After repossessing a flashy red Cadillac, Otto sees a girl named Leila (Olivia Barash) running down the street.
He gives her a ride to her workplace, the United Fruitcake Outlet ("UFO".
), where they have sex in the backseat.
On the way, Leila shows Otto pictures of aliens that she says are in the trunk of a Chevy Malibu.
She claims that they are dead but still dangerous because of the radiation that they emit.
Meanwhile, Helping Hand and its repo rivals are offered a $20,000 bounty notice for the Malibu.
Most assume that the car is drug-related, because the bounty is so far above the actual value of the car.
Parnell finally arrives inA, but he is unable to meet up with his waiting UFO compatriots because of a team of government agents led by a woman with a metal hand.
When he pulls into a gas station, the Rodriguez brothers (competitors of Helping Hand) take the car.
They stop for sodas because the car's trunk is so hot.
While they are out of the car, a trio of Otto's punk friends, who are on a crime spree (what they call "doing crimes"), steal the Malibu.
After they visit a night club, Parnell appears and tricks the punks into opening the trunk, killing one of them and scaring the other two away, allowing him to take the car back.
Later, he picks up Otto and drives aimlessly, talking about how a brilliant scientist friend gave himself a lobotomy to deal with his work, then reveals his friend drives a Chevy Malibu before collapsing and dying from radiation exposure.
Otto takes the car back to Helping Hand and leaves it in the lot.
The car is stolen from the lot, and a chase ensues with all the characters involved.
By this time, the car is glowing bright green.
Eventually, the car reappears at the Helping Hand lot with Bud behind the wheel, however he ends up being shot and leaves the car; the various groups trying to acquire the car soon show up - government agents, the UFO scientists, and even the televangelist Otto's parents gave his college funds to.
However, anyone who now approaches it bursts into flames, even those in flame-retardant suits.
Only Miller, an eccentric mechanic who works at Helping Hand, is able to approach and enter the car.
He slides behind the wheel, apparently impervious to the radiation.
He beckons Otto into the Malibu, and Otto accepts eagerly, dismissing Leila's confession of love (at which point she calls him a "shithead" and says "I'm glad I tortured you".
).
After he settles into the passenger seat, the Malibu lifts straight up into the air.
The film closes with the car zooming through the air around downtown LA and then off into the stars.
<EOS>
A team of special operatives, known as the HUNT (High-risk United Nations Task-force) is sent to San Nicolas Island to investigate deadly cult activity taking place in an ancient monastery.
Their boat, the only way back, is destroyed by patrols, and the team soon learns that the cult plans to systematically destroy nearby Los Angeles.
The operatives, now unable to return whence they came, are then left to fight their way into the monastery on the island, and eventually put a stop to the cult's activities.
During its early stages of development, Rise of the Triad was initially meant to serve as the sequel to Wolfenstein 3D, titled Wolfenstein 3D II: Rise of the Triad.
The presence of the Walther PP pistol, the MP 40 submachine gun, the Bazooka, and the outfits worn by the enemies allude to Nazi Germany and imply the original aforementioned intent for the development of ROTT.
<EOS>
In the year 1943, World War II is in full swing.
Assigned to the Office of Secret Actions (OSA) from the military, US Army Ranger "BJ".
Blazkowicz and British operative Agent One are sent into Egypt to investigate increasing activity of the Nazi SS Paranormal Division.
The duo find themselves witness to the SS blundering and releasing an ancient curse around the dig site, resurrecting scores of zombies from their slumber.
Pushing through the mummies and Nazis,J and Agent One are led to an airfield and a location to follow.
As they tail the SS, the two are shot down near Austria and captured by the Nazis.
Agent One and Blazkowicz are carted away and imprisoned in Castle Wolfenstein, a remote, medieval castle that serves as a stronghold, prison, and research station.
During their incarceration, Agent One is tortured for information and dies from electrocution exposureJ, however, manages to escape Castle Wolfenstein's dungeon and fights his way out of the castle, using a cable car to leave the area and meet up with Kessler, a member of the German resistance in a nearby village.
Meanwhile, the SS Paranormal Division, under Oberführer Helga von Bulow, has long since moved from Egypt and has been excavating the catacombs and crypts of an ancient church within the village itself in search of the resting place of a "Dark Knight".
The Division's sloppy precautions have led to the release of an ancient curse and the awakening of hordes of undead creatures, this time including Saxon knights.
The majority of the SS finally realize the dangers and seal off the entrance into the catacombs, leaving many soldiers trapped insideJ.
descends regardless and fights both Nazis and undead until he arrives at the ancient house of worship, the Defiled Church, where Nazi scientist Professor Zemph is conducting a 'life essence extraction' on the corpse of a Dark Knight, which, thanks to some Nazi technology, succeeds.
Shortly beforeJ.
's arrival, Zemph tries to talk the impatient Helga von Bulow out of retrieving an ancient Thulian artifact, the "Dagger of Warding" from a nearby altar in an isolated area of the church, but she shoots him and proceeds.
This final blunder awakens another monster, Olaric, which kills and dismembers her.
Blazkowicz, after a heated battle against spirits and demon attacks, defeats Olaric, and then is airlifted out with Zemph's notes and the dagger.
With the lead with Helga seeming to have come to a close, the OSA begins to shift its focus to one of Germany's leading scientific researchers and Head of the SS Special Projects Division, Oberführer Wilhelm "Deathshead" Strasse.
Their investigation leads the OSA to realizing that Deathshead is preparing to launch an attack on London.
He intends to use a V-2 rocket fitted with an experimental biological warhead, launching it from his base near Katamarunde in the Baltics.
Due to the stealthy nature in which the OSA needs to act, Blazkowicz is parachuted some distance from the missile base and separated from his equipment.
After collecting his gear, he smuggles himself into a supply truck bound for the base.
Once inside, Blazkowicz destroys the V-2 on its launchpad and fights his way out of the facility towards an airbase filled with experimental jet aircraft.
There, he commandeers a "Kobra" rocket-plane and flies to safety in Malta.
Eager to know more about Deathshead and his secret projects, the OSA sends Blazkowicz to the bombed-out city of Kugelstadt, where he is assisted by members of the German Kreisau Circle resistance group in breaking into a ruined factory and exfiltrating a defecting scientist.
It is there he discovers the blueprints for the Reich's latest weapon, the Venom Gun, an electrically operated hand-held minigun.
He also procures the weapon itself.
Blazkowicz eventually breaks into Deathshead's underground research complex, the Secret Weapons Facility.
There he encounters the horrific fruits of Deathshead's labors: creatures, malformed, and twisted through surgery and mechanical implants.
The creatures escape from their containments and go on a rampage.
Blazkowicz fights his way through the facility, only to see Deathshead escape the chaos by U-Boat, and learns of his destination by interrogating a captured German officer.
Blazkowicz, with his newly found information, is then parachuted into Norway, close to Deathshead's mysterious "X-Labs".
After breaking into the facility, which has been overrun by the twisted creatures he encountered in Kugelstadt (dubbed 'Lopers'), Blazkowicz retrieves Deathshead's journal, its content directly linking Deathshead's research to the rest of the SS Paranormal's occult activity.
He then confronts several new prototype creatures called Übersoldaten (super soldiers), towering monstrosities coated in armor, powered by hydraulic legs and carrying powerful weapons.
Finally catching up with Deathshead, Blazkowicz comes face to face with a completed and fully armored Übersoldat, and kills the researchers who have developed it.
After the Übersoldat is destroyed, Deathshead shouts over the speakers in frustration and astonishment before escaping in a Kobra rocket-plane and disappears for the rest of the game.
After studying the documents captured by Blazkowicz, the OSA has become aware of a scheme codenamed 'Operation: Resurrection', a plan to resurrect Heinrich I, a legendary and powerful Saxon warlock-king from 943 AD.
Despite the skepticism of senior Allied commanders, the OSA parachutes Blazkowicz back near Castle Wolfenstein, at the Bramburg Dam, where he fights his way until he arrives at the village town of Paderborn.
After assassinating all the senior officers of the SS Paranormal Division present there for the resurrection, Blazkowicz fights his way through Chateau Schufstaffel and into the grounds beyond.
After fighting two more Übersoldaten, Blazkowicz enters an excavation site near Castle Wolfenstein.
Inside the excavation site, Blazkowicz fights Nazi guards and prototype Übersoldaten, and makes his way to a boarded-up entrance to Castle Wolfenstein's underground crypts.
There, he finds that the ruined and decaying sections of the castle has become infested with undead creatures, which are attacking the castle's desperate garrison.
After fighting his way through the underworkings of the castle, Blazkowicz arrives too late at the site of a dark ceremony to prevent the resurrection of Heinrich At the ceremony, SS psychic and Oberführerin Marianna Blavatsky conjures up dark spirits, which transform three of Deathshead's Übersoldaten into Dark Knights, Heinrich's lieutenants.
She ultimately raises Heinrich I, who "thanks" her by turning her into his undead slave.
In a climactic battle, Blazkowicz, after exhausting most of his arsenal, destroys the three Dark Knights, the undead Marianna Blavatsky, and eventually Heinrich In the distance, Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler watches in horror, remarking afterwards "This American.
he has ruined everything" as he leaves for Berlin to face an expectant Hitler.
Back in the OSA, Operation Resurrection is closed and Blazkowicz is off on some "R&R" — shooting Nazis.
<EOS>
Red Faction takes place on Mars around the year 2075.
Earth’s minerals are being depleted and humans need more of them to survive.
The vast Ultor Corporation runs the mining operation on Mars.
The living conditions are deplorable, human rights for the miners are few, and a disease called "The Plague" is running rampant throughout the colony with no known antidote available—predominantly within the confines of the mine complex.
Parker, a downtrodden miner, came to Mars to make a new start in his life—taken in by the promises and advantages Ultor has to offer in the mines of Mars.
After a routine day in the mine with the typical aggression toward miners and cramped living conditions and poor nutrition, he witnesses the spark that starts a rebellion when a security guard abuses a miner at the end of his shift and heartlessly kills him.
Parker takes up arms, with the help of Hendrix, a rebellious Ultor security technician who guides Parker through the complex.
Hendrix tries to get Parker to join up with a group of miners who are about to steal a supply shuttle and escape the complex, but Parker arrives too late.
The shuttle takes off, and is destroyed by missiles moments later.
Parker traverses through the Ultor complex, eliminating any resistance Ultor throws at him, and even (with the help of Orion, a high-ranking Red Faction member) kidnapping a high-ranking Ultor administrator, Gryphon, for Eos, leader of the Red Faction.
Parker learns from Gryphon about dr Capek, who created "The Plague".
Capek has been experimenting with nanotechnology, and the Plague is a side-effect of injections at the miners' annual medical checkup.
Hendrix directs Parker to Capek's secret underground laboratory, where he and Eos meet up and take down Capek.
As Capek dies, he tells Eos there is a cure for the Plague but refuses to tell her how to make it and bluntly states "Hope you all Die.
" With Capek dead the lab's self-destruction sequence initiates, Eos stays behind to find the files on the cure while Parker continues to the Communications center.
After sending a distress call to the Earth Defense Force, Parker destroys the missile defense system, so that he can stow away on a shuttle to an Ultor space station in Martian orbit to deactivate a laser defense system without getting shot down.
After destroying the space station, Parker lands back on Mars via an escape pod, Ultor brings out its reserve of mercenaries to help them in their fight against the miners.
Hendrix tells Parker that the mercenaries have orders to destroy the mining complex, covering up any proof of Ultor's wrongdoing, Hendrix is killed soon after this by the mercenaries.
After fighting his way through the mercenary base, Parker confronts Masako, the mercenary leader.
After he kills Masako, Parker sees that Eos is tied up and sitting on the floor next to the bomb, which has been set to explode.
After deactivating it, the Earth Defense Force arrives just in time to save Parker and Eos from a fighter aircraft.
Eos tells Parker that an antidote for the Plague has been made and it is being given to any sick miners.
She also tells him she is leaving Mars, and that Parker should enjoy his new status as a hero.
<EOS>
The main characteristics that define soap operas are "an emphasis on family life, personal relationships, sexual dramas, emotional and moral conflicts; some coverage of topical issues; set in familiar domestic interiors with only occasional excursions into new locations".
Fitting in with these characteristics, most soap operas follow the lives of a group of characters who live or work in a particular place, or focus on a large extended family.
The storylines follow the day-to-day activities and personal relationships of these characters.
"Soap narratives, like those of film melodramas, are marked by what Steve Neale has described as 'chance happenings, coincidences, missed meetings, sudden conversions, last-minute rescues and revelations, deus ex machina endings.
'" These elements may be found across the gamut of soap operas, from EastEnders to Dallas.
Due to the prominence of English-language television, most soap-operas are completely English (or in the case of a foreign soap opera, dubbed into English).
However, several South African soap operas started incorporating a multi-language format, the most prominent being 7de Laan, which incorporates Afrikaans, English, Zulu and several other Bantu languages which make up the 11 Official Languages of South Africa (the subtitles are always in English).
In many soap operas, in particular daytime serials in the US, the characters are frequently attractive, seductive, glamorous and wealthy.
Soap operas from the United Kingdom and Australia tend to focus on more everyday characters and situations, and are frequently set in working class environments.
Many of the soaps produced in those two countries explore social realist storylines such as family discord, marriage breakdown or financial problems.
Both UK and Australian soap operas feature comedic elements, often affectionate comic stereotypes such as the gossip or the grumpy old man, presented as a comic foil to the emotional turmoil that surrounds them.
This diverges from US soap operas where such comedy is rare.
UK soap operas frequently make a claim to presenting "reality" or purport to have a "realistic" style.
UK soap operas also frequently foreground their geographic location as a key defining feature of the show while depicting and capitalising on the exotic appeal of the stereotypes connected to the location.
As examples, EastEnders focuses on the tough and grim life in London's east end, while Coronation Street invokes Manchester and its characters exhibit the stereotypical characteristic of "Northern straight talking".
Romance, secret relationships, extramarital affairs, and genuine hate have been the basis for many soap opera storylines.
In US daytime serials, the most popular soap opera characters, and the most popular storylines, often involved a romance of the sort presented in paperback romance novels.
Soap opera storylines sometimes weave intricate, convoluted and sometimes confusing tales of characters who have affairs, meet mysterious strangers and fall in love, and who commit adultery, all of which keeps audiences hooked on the unfolding story.
Crimes such as kidnapping, rape, and even murder may go unpunished if the perpetrator is to be retained in the ongoing story.
Australian and UK soap operas also feature a significant proportion of romance storylines.
In Russia, most popular serials explore the "romantic quality" of criminal and/or oligarch life.
In soap opera storylines, previously unknown children, siblings and twins (including the evil variety) of established characters often emerge to upset and reinvigorate the set of relationships examined by the series.
Unexpected calamities disrupt weddings, childbirths, and other major life events with unusual frequency.
As in comic books – another popular form of linear storytelling pioneered in the US during the 20th century – a character's death is not guaranteed to be permanent.
On The Bold and the Beautiful, Taylor Forrester (Hunter Tylo) was shown to flatline and have a funeral.
When Tylo reprised the character in 2005, a retcon explained that Taylor had actually gone into a coma.
Stunts and complex physical action are largely absent, especially from daytime serials.
Such story events often take place off screen and are referred to in dialogue instead of being shown.
This is because stunts or action scenes are difficult to adequately depict visually without complex action, multiple takes, and post production editing.
When episodes were broadcast live, post production work was impossible.
Though all serials have long switched to being taped, extensive post production work and multiple takes, while possible, are not feasible due to the tight taping schedules and low budgets.
<EOS>
In the first episode, Starfleet Commander Benjamin Sisko arrives (along with his young son, Jake) at Deep Space Nine, a space station formerly run by the Cardassians during their oppressive occupation of Bajor, a planet which the space station orbits.
He is assigned to run the station jointly with the newly liberated Bajorans as they recover from the Cardassian occupation, to help pave the way for Bajor's entry into the Federation.
Sisko and Jadzia Dax stumble upon the first stable wormhole ever found and discover that it is inhabited by beings who are not bound by normal space and time.
To the strongly religious people of Bajor, the wormhole aliens are their gods (the Prophets) and the wormhole itself is the long-prophesied Celestial Temple, where they reside.
Sisko himself is hailed as the Emissary of the Prophets, through whom the Prophets primarily act.
This provides the basis for a long-lasting story arc.
Sisko initially considers his role as a religious icon with open discomfort and skepticism, referring to the Prophets simply as "wormhole aliens" and striving to keep his role as commander of the station distinct from any religious obligations that the Bajorans try to place on him.
Later, he becomes more accepting of his role and, by the end of the series, he openly embraces it.
The political and religious implications of this on the Bajorans and its spiritual leaders (most notably, Winn Adami) also provide a central arc that lasts until the end of the series.
The station crew early on has to contend with a human resistance group known as the Maquis.
Rooted in the events of The Next Generation episode "", in which Native American settlers refuse to leave when their colony world is given to Cardassia as part of a treaty, the Maquis is an example for the show’s exploration of darker themes: its members are Federation citizens who take up arms against Cardassia in defense of their homes, and some—such as Calvin Hudson, a long-time friend of Sisko's, and Michael Eddington, who defects while serving aboard the station—are Starfleet officers.
The show’s sharp departure from traditional Star Trek themes can be seen in episodes such as "", in which Eddington complains to Sisko, "Everybody should want to be in the Federation.
Nobody leaves paradise.
In some ways, you’re even worse than the Borg.
At least they tell you about their plans for assimilation.
You assimilate people and they don’t even know it".
The Maquis also allows DS9 to subvert some longstanding Star Trek icons: Thomas Riker, a duplicate of Enterprise-D first officer Commander William Riker (also played by Jonathan Frakes; character first appeared in ST:TNGs "" episode), is revealed in the episode "" to be a member of the Maquis who gains access to the station's crew and facilities by impersonating the Enterprise's Riker.
The second-season episode, "" marks the first mention of the Dominion, a ruthless empire in the Gamma Quadrant, though they are not fully introduced until the second-season finale, "The Jem'Hadar".
It is led by "the Founders", a race of shape-shifting Changelings, the same species as station security chief Odo.
They were once persecuted by non-shape-shifters (whom they call "Solids") and they seek to impose "order" upon any who could potentially harm them, which includes nearly all Solids.
The Founders have created or genetically modified races to serve them: the Vorta, sly and subversive diplomats, and the Jem’Hadar, their fearless shock troops.
These races worship the Founders as gods.
At the start of DS9’s third season (""), with the threat of a Dominion attack looming from the other side of the wormhole, Commander Sisko returns from Starfleet Headquarters on Earth with the USS Defiant, a prototype starship that was originally built to fight the Borg.
It remains stationed at Deep Space Nine until season seven, providing an avenue for plot lines away from the station.
With the third season, writers from the now completed Next Generation began to write regularly for DS9.
The Dominion forms an uneasy alliance with the Cardassians in the fifth-season episodes "In Purgatory's Shadow" and "By Inferno's Light" and goes to war with the other major powers of the Alpha Quadrant in the season finale "".
Throughout the series, loyalties and alliances change repeatedly: pacts with the Cardassians are made, broken, and remade; a short war with the Klingons flares up and is settled, and the formerly neutral Romulans ally themselves with the Federation.
This last alliance is made in an attempt to turn the war around, but comes as a result of criminal and duplicitous acts on Sisko and resident Cardassian Garak's part, thus providing an example of the moral ambiguity prevalent in DS9 in comparison to the other Star Trek series.
Another example of DS9’s darker nature is the introduction of Section 31, a secret organization dedicated to preserving the Federation way of life at any cost.
This shadow group, introduced in "", justifies its unlawful, unilateral tactics by claiming that it is essential to the continued existence of the Federation.
Section 31 repeatedly states that if you inquire into the matter with the Federation, they will deny Section 31's existence.
Section 31 features prominently in several episodes of the Dominion War arc, especially as it is revealed that it attempted a genocide of the Founders.
In DS9, the Ferengi are no longer an enemy of the Federation, but rather an economic power whose political neutrality is, for the most part, respected.
A number of episodes explore their capitalistic nature, while others delve into the race’s sexist social norms.
Unlike their depiction in Star Trek: The Next Generation, where they were generally portrayed simply as sexist buffoons for comedic purposes, in DS9 they received a more complex depiction, with the female partner (Ishka) of the Grand Nagus leading a women's rights rebellion on the Ferengi homeworld, and Rom, Quark's brother, leading a strike against unfair working conditions in Quark's bar.
Also, Jake Sisko's best friend, Nog, has to deal with Starfleet's more liberal attitudes towards women while Jake learns to deal with his friend's cultural background in a respectful manner rather than risk the loss of their friendship.
Nog later decides to join Starfleet, the first Ferengi to do so.
Several episodes of DS9 explore the theme of the Mirror Universe, first touched upon in the episode "".
In the second-season episode "", the DS9 crew first becomes aware of this alternate universe when Kira and dr Bashir experience operational difficulties while traveling through the Wormhole and wind up back on the station in the Mirror Universe dominated by the Klingon–Cardassian alliance.
They discover that it is not DS9 to which they have returned but Terok Nor.
Bajor is not friendly and there is no Federation here.
"Terrans", as they are called in this universe, are ruthless barbarians according to the Intendant (Kira's mirror self) – the Terran Empire occupied Bajor for decades much as Cardassia had in the normal universe.
The Klingon–Cardassian alliance eventually formed and Bajor was freed from Terran occupation, later enslaving Terrans as ore miners on the orbiting space station Terok Nor.
Enslaved as they are, the Terran workers liberate themselves and form a resistance movement, as seen in several other DS9 episodes ("", "", "", "The Emperor's New Cloak").
<EOS>
In the year 2293, retired Captain James Kirk, Montgomery Scott, and Pavel Chekov attend the maiden voyage of the Federation starship USS Enterprise-B, under the command of the unseasoned Capt.
John Harriman.
During the voyage, Enterprise is pressed into a rescue mission to save two El-Aurian ships from a strange energy ribbon.
Enterprise is able to save some of the refugees before their ships are destroyed, but the starship becomes trapped in the ribbon.
Kirk goes to deflector control to alter the deflector dish, allowing Enterprise to escape, but the trailing end of the ribbon rakes across Enterprises hull, exposing the section Kirk is in to space; he is presumed dead.
In 2371, the crew of the USS Enterprise-D celebrate the promotion of Worf to Lieutenant Commander.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard receives a message that his brother and nephew were killed in a fire, meaning the storied Picard family line will end with him.
Enterprise receives a distress call from an observatory in orbit of the star Amargosa, where they rescue the El-Aurian dr Tolian Soran.
The android Data and engineer Geordi La Forge discover a compound called trilithium in a hidden room of the observatory.
Soran appears, knocks La Forge unconscious, and launches a trilithium solar probe at Amargosa.
The probe causes the star to implode, sending a shock wave toward the observatory.
Soran and La Forge are transported away by a Klingon Bird of Prey belonging to the treacherous , who had stolen the trilithium for Soran in exchange for the designs for a trilithium weapon.
Data is rescued just before the station is destroyed by the shock wave.
Guinan (Whoopi Goldberg), Enterprises bartender, tells Captain Jean-Luc Picard more about Soran; they were among the El-Aurians rescued by the Enterprise-B in 2293.
Guinan explains that Soran is obsessed with reentering the "Nexus", an extra-dimensional realm where time has no meaning and anyone can experience whatever they desire.
Picard and Data determine that Soran, unable to fly a ship into the ribbon due to the uncertainty that the ship will survive long enough to ensure his success, is instead altering the path of the ribbon by destroying stars, and that he will attempt to re-enter the Nexus on Veridian III by destroying its sun—and, by extension, a heavily populated planet in the system.
Upon entering the Veridian system, Enterprise makes contact with the Duras Bird of Prey.
Picard offers himself to the sisters in exchange for La Forge, but insists that he be transported to Soran's location first.
La Forge is returned to Enterprise, but he inadvertently reveals Enterprises shield frequency, allowing the Duras sisters to inflict crippling damage on Enterprise.
Enterprise destroys the Bird of Prey, but has sustained irreversible damage to its warp core.
Commander William Riker orders an evacuation to the forward saucer section of the ship which separates from the star drive.
The shock wave from the star drive's destruction sends the saucer crashing to the surface of Veridian III.
Picard fails to talk Soran out of his plan and is too late to stop him from launching his missile.
The collapse of the Veridian star alters the course of the Nexus ribbon as predicted, and it sweeps Picard and Soran away while the shock wave from the star obliterates everything in the system.
In the Nexus, Picard finds himself surrounded by the family he never had, including a wife and children, but realizes it is an illusion.
He is confronted by an "echo" of Guinan.
After being told that he may leave whenever he chooses and go wherever and whenever he wishes, Guinan sends him to meet Kirk, also safe in the Nexus.
Though Kirk is at first reluctant to leave, Picard convinces Kirk to return to Picard's present and stop Soran by assuring him that it will fulfill his desire to make a difference.
Leaving the Nexus, the two arrive on Veridian III minutes before Soran launches the missile.
Kirk distracts Soran long enough for Picard to lock the missile in place, causing it to explode on the launchpad and kill Soran.
Kirk is fatally injured by a fall during the encounter; as he dies, Picard assures him that he made a difference.
Picard buries Kirk before a shuttle arrives to transport him to the wreckage of the Enterprise saucer.
Three Federation starships enter orbit to retrieve Enterprise's survivors.
<EOS>
Captain Jean-Luc Picard wakes from a nightmare in which he relived his assimilation by the cybernetic Borg six years earlier (shown in the television episode "").
Starfleet informs him of a new Borg attack against The Federation, but believing him to be a liability, orders the USS Enterprise-E to patrol the Romulan Neutral Zone.
Intercepting the overwhelmed fleet's audio communications, Picard disobeys orders and heads the Enterprise for Earth, where a single, damaged Borg Cube destroys opposing Starfleet vessels.
The Enterprise arrives in time to save the crew of the USS Defiant, commanded by Worf.
Picard takes command of the fleet and, after hearing Borg communications in his mind, orders it to concentrate its firepower on a seemingly non-vital section of the Borg ship.
The Cube is destroyed but manages to launch a smaller sphere ship towards the planet before disintegrating.
The Borg sphere generates and enters a temporal vortex.
As the Enterprise is enveloped in the vortex, the crew briefly glimpses an Earth populated entirely by Borg.
Picard realizes that the Borg have used time travel to change history, and orders the Enterprise to follow.
The Enterprise arrives in the past, on April 4, 2063, the day before humanity's first encounter with alien life after Zefram Cochrane's historic warp flight.
The Borg sphere fires on the planet; the Enterprise crew then destroy the sphere and, realizing that the Borg were trying to prevent first contact, especially during the time Earth was recovering after World War 3, send an away team to the Montana missile complex where Cochrane is building his ship, the Phoenix, to look for survivors.
Cochrane's assistant, Lily Sloane, opens fire on them but was overcome with radiation poisoning and taken to the Enterprise by dr Crusher.
Picard rushes back to the Enterprise with Data after hearing Borg voices in his head and leaves Commander William Riker on Earth to make sure the Phoenixs flight proceeds as planned.
The Enterprise crew sees Cochrane as a legend, but the real man is reluctant to assume his historical role.
When Picard returns to the Enterprise, he discovers that survivors from the Borg sphere have invaded the Enterprise, and begin to assimilate its crew and modify the ship, planning to use it to attack and conquer Earth.
Picard and a team attempt to reach engineering to disable the Borg with corrosive coolant used in the warp core.
The assault failed and Data is captured, and meets the queen of the Borg Collective, who gains his trust by giving part of him human skin.
A frightened Sloane seizes the captain but he gains her trust, and they escape the Borg-infested area of the ship by using the holodeck.
Picard, Worf, and the ship's navigator, Lieutenant Hawk, stop the Borg from calling reinforcements with the deflector dish, but Hawk is assimilated.
As the Borg continue to assimilate, Worf suggests destroying the ship, but Picard angrily calls him a coward and vows to continue the fight.
Sloane confronts the captain and, reminding him of Moby-Dicks Captain Ahab, makes him realize his own irrational behavior.
Picard activates the ship's self-destruct mechanism, orders the crew to abandon ship, and then apologizes to Worf.
While the crew heads to escape pods, Picard remains aboard to rescue Data.
As Cochrane, Riker, and engineer Geordi La Forge prepare to activate the warp drive on the Phoenix, Picard confronts the Borg Queen and discovers she has grafted human skin onto Data, giving him an array of new sensations.
She has presented this modification as a gift to the android, hoping to obtain his encryption codes to the Enterprise computer.
Although Picard offers himself in Data's place, the android refuses to leave.
He deactivates the self-destruct sequence and fires torpedoes at the Phoenix, but they miss and the Queen realizes Data has betrayed her.
Data ruptures a coolant tank, and the corrosive substance fatally dissolves the Borg's biological components.
Cochrane completes his warp flight, and that night, April 5, 2063, the crew watches as Vulcans, attracted by the Phoenix warp flight, land and greet Cochrane.
Having repaired history, the Enterprise crew returns to the 24th century.
<EOS>
In the year 2285, Admiral James Kirk oversees a simulator session of Captain Spock's trainees.
In the simulation, Lieutenant Saavik commands the starship on a rescue mission to save the crew of the damaged ship Kobayashi Maru.
When the Enterprise enters the Klingon Neutral Zone to reach the ship it is attacked by Klingon cruisers and critically damaged.
The simulation is a no-win scenario designed to test the character of Starfleet officers.
Later, dr McCoy joins Kirk on his birthday; seeing Kirk in low spirits, the doctor advises Kirk to get a new command and not grow old behind a desk.
Meanwhile, the USS Reliant is on a mission to search for a lifeless planet for testing of the Genesis Device, a technology designed to reorganize matter to create habitable worlds for colonization.
Reliant officers Commander Pavel Chekov and Captain Clark Terrell beam down to the surface of a possible candidate planet, which they believe to be Ceti Alpha VI; once there, they are captured by genetically engineered tyrant Khan Noonien Singh.
15 years prior (see "Space Seed"), the Enterprise discovered Khan's ship adrift in space; Kirk exiled Khan and his fellow supermen to Ceti Alpha V after they attempted to take over the Enterprise.
After they were marooned, Ceti Alpha VI exploded, shifting the orbit of Ceti Alpha V and destroying its ecosystem.
Khan blames Kirk for the death of his wife and plans revenge.
He implants Chekov and Terrell with indigenous creatures that enter the ears of their victims and render them susceptible to mind control, and uses the officers to capture the Reliant.
Learning of Genesis, Khan attacks space station Regula I where the device is being developed by Kirk's former lover, dr Carol Marcus, and their son, David.
The Enterprise embarks on a three-week training voyage.
Kirk assumes command after the ship receives a distress call from Regula En route, the Enterprise is ambushed and crippled by the Reliant, leading to the deaths and injuries of many trainees.
Khan hails the Enterprise and offers to spare Kirk's crew if they relinquish all material related to Genesis.
Kirk stalls for time and uses the Reliant's prefix code to remotely lower its shields, allowing the Enterprise to counter-attack.
Khan is forced to retreat and effect repairs, while the Enterprise limps to Regula Kirk, McCoy, and Saavik beam to the station and find Terrell and Chekov alive, along with slaughtered members of Marcus's team.
They soon find Carol and David hiding deep inside the planetoid of Regula.
Khan, having used Terrell and Chekov as spies, orders them to kill Kirk; Terrell resists the eel's influence and kills himself while Chekov collapses as the eel leaves his body.
Khan then transports Genesis aboard the Reliant.
Though Khan believes his foe stranded on Regula I, Kirk and Spock use a coded message to arrange a rendezvous.
Kirk directs the Enterprise into the nearby Mutara Nebula; static discharges inside the nebula render shields useless and compromise targeting systems, making the Enterprise and the Reliant evenly matched.
Spock notes however that Khan's tactics are two-dimensional, indicating inexperience in space combat, which Kirk then exploits to critically disable the Reliant.
Mortally wounded, Khan activates Genesis, which will reorganize all matter in the nebula, including the Enterprise.
Though Kirk's crew detects the activation of Genesis and attempts to move out of range, they will not be able to escape the nebula in time due to the ship's damaged warp drive.
Spock goes to the engine room to restore the warp drive.
When McCoy tries to prevent Spock's entry, as exposure to the high levels of radiation would be fatal, Spock incapacitates the doctor with a Vulcan nerve pinch and performs a mind meld, telling him to "remember".
Spock successfully restores power to the warp drive and the Enterprise escapes the explosion, though at the cost of Spock's life.
The explosion of Genesis causes the gas in the nebula to reform into a new planet, capable of sustaining life.
After being alerted by McCoy, Kirk arrives in the engine room and discovers Spock dying of radiation poisoning.
The two share a meaningful exchange in which Spock urges Kirk not to grieve, as his decision to sacrifice his own life to save those of the ship's crew is a logical one, before succumbing to his injuries.
A space burial is held in the Enterprise torpedo room and Spock's coffin is shot into orbit around the new planet.
The crew leaves to pick up the Reliant marooned crew from Ceti Alpha Spock's coffin, having soft-landed, rests on the Genesis planet's surface.
<EOS>
In the pilot episode, , departs the Deep Space Nine space station on a mission into the treacherous Badlands.
They are searching for a missing ship piloted by a team of Maquis rebels, which Voyager's security officer, the Vulcan lt Tuvok, has secretly infiltrated.
While in the Badlands, Voyager is enveloped by a powerful energy wave that kills several of its crew, damages the ship, and strands it in the galaxy's Delta Quadrant, more than 70,000 light-years from Earth.
There, Voyager finds the Maquis ship, and eventually the two crews reluctantly agree to join forces to survive their journey home.
Chakotay, leader of the Maquis group, becomes Voyager's first officer.
B'Elanna Torres, a half-human/half-Klingon Maquis, becomes chief engineer.
Tom Paris, whom Janeway released from a Federation prison to help find the Maquis ship, is made Voyager's helm officer.
Due to the deaths of the ship's entire medical staff, the Doctor, an emergency medical hologram designed only for short-term use, is employed as the ship's full-time chief medical officer.
Delta Quadrant natives Neelix, a Talaxian scavenger, and Kes, a young Ocampa, are welcomed aboard as the ship's chef/morale officer and the doctor's medical assistant, respectively.
Due to its great distance from Federation space, the Delta Quadrant is unexplored by Starfleet, and Voyager is truly going where no man has gone before.
As they set out on their projected 75-year journey home, the crew passes through regions belonging to various species: the barbaric and belligerent Kazon; the organ-harvesting, disease-ravaged Vidiians; the nomadic hunter race the Hirogen; the fearsome Species 8472 from fluidic space; and most notably the Borg, whose home is the Delta Quadrant, so that Voyager has to move through large areas of Borg-controlled space in later seasons.
They also encounter perilous natural phenomena, a nebulous area called the Nekrit Expanse (, third season), a large area of empty space called the Void (, fifth season), wormholes, dangerous nebulae, and other anomalies.
However, Voyager does not always deal with the unknown.
It is the third Star Trek series to feature Q, an omnipotent alien&mdash;and the second on a recurring basis, as Q made only one appearance on.
Starfleet Command learns of Voyager's survival when the crew discovers an ancient interstellar communications network, claimed by the Hirogen, into which they can tap.
This relay network is later disabled, but due to the efforts of Earth-based Lieutenant Reginald Barclay, Starfleet eventually establishes regular contact in the season-six episode "", using a communications array and micro-wormhole technology.
In the first two episodes of the show's fourth season, Kes leaves the ship in the wake of an extreme transformation of her mental abilities, while Seven of Nine (known colloquially as Seven), a Borg drone who was assimilated as a six-year-old human girl, is liberated from the collective and joins the Voyager crew.
As the series progresses, Seven begins to regain her humanity with the ongoing help of Captain Janeway, who shows her that emotions, friendship, love, and caring are more important than the sterile "perfection" the Borg espouse.
The Doctor also becomes more human-like, due in part to a mobile holo-emitter the crew obtains in the third season which allows the Doctor to leave the confines of sickbay.
He discovers his love of music and art, which he demonstrates in the episode.
In the sixth season, the crew discovers a group of adolescent aliens assimilated by the Borg, but prematurely released from their maturation chambers due to a malfunction on their Borg cube.
As he did with Seven of Nine, the Doctor rehumanizes the children; , three of them eventually find a new adoptive home while the fourth, , chooses to stay aboard Voyager.
Life for the Voyager crew evolves during their long journey.
Traitors and are uncovered in the early months (); loyal crew members are lost late in the journey; and other wayward Starfleet officers are integrated into the crew.
In the second season, the first child is born aboard the ship to Ensign Samantha Wildman; as she grows up, Naomi Wildman becomes great friends with her godfather, Neelix, and develops an unexpected and close relationship with Seven of Nine.
Early in the seventh season, Tom Paris and B'Elanna Torres marry after a long courtship, and Torres gives birth to their child, , in the series finale.
Late in the seventh season, the crew finds a colony of Talaxians on a makeshift settlement in an asteroid field, and Neelix chooses to bid Voyager farewell and live once again among his people.
Over the course of the series, the Voyager crew finds various ways to reduce their 75-year journey by five decades: shortcuts, in the episodes and ; technology boosts, in episodes , "Dark Frontier", , and "Hope and Fear"; subspace corridors in ; and a mind-powered push from a powerful former shipmate in.
Also, the crew is not able to use other trip-shortening opportunities, as seen in the episodes , "Future's End", , and.
A final effort, involving the use of a Borg transwarp conduit, reduces the 70,000-light-year journey to just seven years in the series finale.
<EOS>
Because of primogeniture, when Mr Henry Dashwood dies, his house, Norland Park, passes directly to his son John, the child of his first wife.
His second wife, Mrs Dashwood, and their daughters, Elinor, Marianne and Margaret, inherit only a small income.
On his deathbed, Mr Dashwood extracts a promise from his son, to take care of his half-sisters.
John's greedy wife, Fanny, soon persuades him to renege on the promise.
John and Fanny immediately move in as the new owners of Norland, while the Dashwood women are treated as unwelcome guests.
Mrs Dashwood seeks somewhere else to live.
In the meantime, Fanny's brother, Edward Ferrars visits Norland and soon forms an attachment with Elinor.
Fanny disapproves of the match and offends Mrs Dashwood with the implication that Elinor is motivated by money.
Mrs Dashwood moves her family to Barton Cottage in Devonshire, near the home of her cousin, Sir John Middleton.
Their new home is modest but they are warmly received by Sir John and welcomed into local society—meeting his wife, Lady Middleton, his mother-in-law, Mrs Jennings and his friend, Colonel Brandon.
Colonel Brandon is attracted to Marianne, and Mrs Jennings teases them about it.
Marianne is not pleased as she considers the thirty-five-year-old Colonel Brandon an old bachelor, incapable of falling in love or inspiring love in anyone else.
Marianne, out for a walk, gets caught in the rain, slips and sprains her ankle.
The dashing John Willoughby sees the accident and assists her.
Marianne quickly comes to admire his good looks and outspoken views on poetry, music, art and love.
His attentions lead Elinor and Mrs Dashwood to suspect that the couple are secretly engaged.
Elinor cautions Marianne against her unguarded conduct, but Marianne refuses to check her emotions.
Abruptly, Mr Willoughby informs the Dashwoods that his aunt, upon whom he is financially dependent, is sending him to London on business, indefinitely.
Marianne is distraught and abandons herself to her sorrow.
Edward Ferrars pays a short visit to Barton Cottage but seems unhappy.
Elinor fears that he no longer has feelings for her, but will not show her heartache.
After Edward departs, Anne and Lucy Steele, the vulgar cousins of Lady Middleton, come to stay at Barton Park.
Lucy informs Elinor in confidence of her secret four-year engagement to Edward Ferrars that started when he was studying with her uncle, and she displays proof.
Elinor realises that Lucy's visit and revelations are the result of Lucy's jealousy and cunning calculation, and understands Edward's recent behavior towards her.
She acquits Edward of blame and pities him for being held to a loveless engagement by his sense of honour.
Elinor and Marianne accompany Mrs Jennings to London.
On arriving, Marianne rashly writes several personal letters to Willoughby, which go unanswered.
When they meet at a dance, Mr Willoughby greets Marianne reluctantly and coldly, to her extreme distress.
Soon Marianne receives a curt letter enclosing their former correspondence and love tokens, including a lock of her hair and informing her of his engagement to a young lady with a large fortune.
Marianne is devastated.
After Elinor has read the letter, Marianne tells her that she and Willoughby were never engaged, but she loved him and thought that he loved her.
Colonel Brandon visits the sisters and reveals to Elinor that Willoughby's aunt disinherited him after she learned that he had seduced Brandon's fifteen-year-old ward, Miss Williams, then abandoned her when she became pregnant.
This is why he chose to marry for money rather than love.
Brandon was in love with Miss Williams' mother as a young man, when she was his father's ward, but she was forced into an unhappy marriage to Brandon's brother that ended in scandal and divorce; Marianne strongly reminds him of her.
The Steele sisters come to London as guests of Mrs Jennings and after a brief acquaintance they are asked to stay at John and Fanny Dashwood's London house.
Lucy sees the invitation as a personal compliment, rather than what it is, a slight to Elinor and Marianne who should have received such invitation first.
Too talkative, Anne Steele betrays Lucy's secret.
As a result, the Misses Steele are turned out of the house, and Edward is ordered to break off the engagement on pain of disinheritance.
Edward refuses to comply and is immediately disinherited in favour of his brother, gaining respect for his conduct, and sympathy from Elinor and Marianne.
Colonel Brandon shows his admiration by offering Edward the living of Delaford parsonage.
Mrs Jennings takes Elinor and Marianne to the country to visit her second daughter.
In her misery over Willoughby's marriage, Marianne becomes dangerously ill.
Willoughby arrives to repent and reveals to Elinor that his love for Marianne was genuine.
He elicits Elinor's pity because his choice has made him unhappy, but she is disgusted by the callous way in which he talks of Miss Williams and of his own wife.
He also reveals that his aunt forgave him after his marriage, meaning that if he had married Marianne he would have had both money and love.
When Marianne recovers, Elinor tells her of Willoughby's visit.
Marianne realises that she could never have been happy with Willoughby's immoral and expansive nature.
She values Elinor's conduct in her similar situation and resolves to model herself after Elinor's courage and good sense.
Edward arrives and reveals that, after his disinheritance, Lucy jilted him in favour of his now wealthy brother, Robert.
Edward and Elinor soon marry, and later Marianne marries Colonel Brandon, having gradually come to love him.
<EOS>
In Minato, Tokyo, a middle-school student named Usagi Tsukino befriends Luna, a talking black cat that gives her a magical brooch enabling her to become Sailor Moon: a pretty soldier destined to save Earth from the forces of evil.
Luna and Usagi assemble a team of fellow Sailor Soldiers to find their princess and the Silver Crystal.
They encounter the studious Ami Mizuno, who awakens as Sailor Mercury; Rei Hino, a local shrine maiden who awakens as Sailor Mars; Makoto Kino, a tall transfer student who awakens as Sailor Jupiter; and Minako Aino, a young aspiring idol who awakens as Sailor Venus, accompanied by her talking feline companion Artemis.
Additionally, they encounter Mamoru Chiba, a high-school student who assists them on occasion as Tuxedo Mask.
In the first arc, the group battles the Dark Kingdom.
Led by Queen Beryl, a team of generals—the —attempt to find the Silver Crystal to free an imprisoned, evil entity called Queen Metaria.
Usagi and her team discover that in their previous lives they were members of the ancient moon kingdom called Silver Millennium.
The Dark Kingdom waged war against them, resulting in the destruction of the moon kingdom.
Its ruler Queen Serenity later sent her daughter Princess Serenity, her protectors the Sailor Soldiers, their feline advisers Luna and Artemis, and the princess's true love Prince Endymion into the future to be reborn through the power of the Silver Crystal.
The team recognize Usagi as the reincarnated Serenity and Mamoru as Endymion.
The Soldiers kill the Four Kings, who turn out to have been Endymion's guardians who defected in their past lives.
In a final confrontation with the Dark Kingdom, Minako kills Queen Beryl; she and the other Soldiers then sacrifice their lives in an attempt to destroy Queen Metaria.
Using the Silver Crystal, Usagi succeeds in killing Metaria and resurrects her friends.
At the beginning of the second arc, Usagi and Mamoru's daughter Chibiusa arrives from the future to find the Silver Crystal.
As a result, the Soldiers encounter Wiseman and his Black Moon Clan, who are pursuing her.
Chibiusa takes the Soldiers to the future city Crystal Tokyo, where her parents rule as Neo-Queen Serenity and King Endymion.
During their journey they meet Sailor Pluto, guardian of the Time-Space Door.
Sailor Pluto stops the Clan's ruler Prince Demand from destroying the spacetime continuum, leading to her death.
Chibiusa later awakens as a Soldier—Sailor Chibi Moon—and helps Usagi kill Wiseman's true form, Death Phantom.
The third arc revolves around a group of lifeforms called the Death Busters, created by Professor Soichi Tomoe, who seek to transport the entity Pharaoh 90 to Earth to merge with the planet.
Tomoe's daughter Hotaru is possessed by the entity Mistress 9, who must open the dimensional gateway through which Pharaoh 90 must travel.
Auto-racer Haruka Tenoh and violinist Michiru Kaioh appear as Sailor Uranus and Sailor Neptune, who guard the outer rim of the Solar System from external threats.
Physics student Setsuna Meioh, Sailor Pluto's reincarnation, joins the protagonists.
Usagi obtains the Holy Grail, transforms into Super Sailor Moon, and attempts to use the power of the Grail and the Silver Crystal to destroy Pharaoh 90.
This causes Hotaru to awaken as Sailor Saturn, whom Haruka, Michiru and Setsuna initially perceive as a threat.
As the harbinger of death, Hotaru uses her power of destruction to sever Pharaoh 90 from the Earth and instructs Setsuna to use her power over time-space to close the dimensional gateway.
In the fourth arc, Usagi and her friends enter high school and fight against the Dead Moon Circus, led by Queen Nehelenia, the self-proclaimed "rightful ruler" of both Silver Millennium and Earth.
Nehelenia invades Elysion, which hosts the Earth's Golden Kingdom, capturing its High Priest Helios and instructs her followers to steal the Silver Crystal.
As Prince Endymion, Mamoru is revealed to be the owner of the Golden Crystal—the sacred stone of the Golden Kingdom.
Mamoru and the Soldiers combine their powers with those of the Holy Grail, enabling Usagi to transform into Eternal Sailor Moon and kill Nehelenia.
Four of Nehelenia's henchmen, the Amazoness Quartet, are revealed to be Sailor Soldiers called the Sailor Quartet, who are destined to become Chibiusa's guardians in the future; they had been awakened prematurely and corrupted by Nehelenia.
In the final arc, Usagi and her friends are drawn into a battle against Shadow Galactica, a group of false Sailor Soldiers.
Their leader Sailor Galaxia plans to steal the Sailor Crystals of true Soldiers to take over the galaxy and kill an evil lifeform known as Chaos.
After killing Mamoru and most of the Sailor Soldiers, Sailor Galaxia steals their Sailor Crystals.
Usagi travels to the Galaxy Cauldron to defeat Galaxia and revive her teammates.
Joining Usagi are the Sailor Starlights who come from the planet Kinmoku, their ruler Princess Kakyuu and the infant Sailor Chibichibi who comes from the distant future.
Later, Chibiusa and the Sailor Quartet join Usagi and company.
After numerous battles and the death of Galaxia, Sailor Chibichibi reveals her true form as Sailor Cosmos.
Usagi then destroys Chaos with the Silver Crystal.
Mamoru and the Sailor Soldiers are revived and return to Earth with Usagi.
The series ends with Usagi and Mamoru's wedding six years later.
<EOS>
The series focuses on Lain Iwakura, an adolescent middle school girl living in suburban Japan, and her introduction to the Wired, a global communications network which is similar to the Internet.
Lain lives with her middle-class family, which consists of her inexpressive older sister Mika, her emotionally distant mother, and her computer-obsessed father; while Lain herself is somewhat awkward, introverted, and socially isolated from most of her school peers.
But the status-quo of her life becomes upturned by a series of bizarre incidents that start to take place after she learns that girls from her school have received an e-mail from a dead student, Chisa Yomoda, and she pulls out her old computer in order to check for the same message.
Lain finds Chisa telling her that she is not dead, but has merely "abandoned her physical body and flesh" and is alive deep within the virtual reality-world of the Wired itself, where she has found the almighty and divine "God".
From this point, Lain is caught up in a series of cryptic and surreal events that see her delving deeper into the mystery of the network in a narrative that explores themes of consciousness, perception, and the nature of reality.
The "Wired" is a virtual reality-world that contains and supports the very sum of all human communication and networks, created with the telegraph, televisions, and telephone services, and expanded with the Internet, cyberspace, and subsequent networks.
The series assumes that the Wired could be linked to a system that enables unconscious communication between people and machines without physical interface.
The storyline introduces such a system with the Schumann resonances, a property of the Earth's magnetic field that theoretically allows for unhindered long distance communications.
If such a link were created, the network would become equivalent to Reality as the general consensus of all perceptions and knowledge.
The increasingly thin invisible line between what is real and what is virtual/digital begins to slowly shatter.
Masami Eiri is introduced as the project director on Protocol Seven (the next-generation Internet protocol in the series' time-frame) for major computer company Tachibana General Laboratories.
He had secretly included code of his very own creation to give himself absolute control of the Wired through the wireless system described above.
He then "uploaded" his own brain, conscience, consciousness, memory, feelings, emotions – his very self – into the Wired and "died" a few days after, leaving only his physical, living body behind.
These details are unveiled around the middle of the series, but this is the point where the story of Serial Experiments Lain begins.
Masami later explains that Lain is the artifact by which the wall between the virtual and material worlds is to fall, and that he needs her to get to the Wired and "abandon the flesh", as he did, to achieve his plan.
The series sees him trying to convince her through interventions, using the promise of unconditional love, romantic seduction and charm, and even, when all else fails, threats and force.
In the meantime, the anime follows a complex game of hide-and-seek between the "Knights of the Eastern Calculus", hackers whom Masami claims are "believers that enable him to be a God in the Wired", and Tachibana General Laboratories, who try to regain control of Protocol Seven.
In the end, the viewer sees Lain realizing, after much introspection, that she has absolute control over everyone's mind and over reality itself.
Her dialogue with different versions of herself shows how she feels shunned from the material world, and how she is afraid to live in the Wired, where she has the possibilities and responsibilities of an almighty goddess.
The last scenes feature her erasing everything connected to herself from everyone's memories.
She is last seen, unchanged, encountering her oldest and closest friend Alice once again, who is now married.
Lain promises herself that she and Alice will surely meet again anytime as Lain can literally go and be anywhere she desires between both worlds.
<EOS>
In the late 1990s, an elderly World War II veteran and his family visit the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial in Normandy, France.
The veteran walks around the cemetery and, upon seeing one specific gravestone, collapses to his knees, overwhelmed by emotion.
On the morning of June 6, 1944, the beginning of the Normandy Invasion, American soldiers prepare to land on Omaha Beach.
They suffer heavily from their struggle against German infantry, machine gun nests, and artillery fire.
Captain John Miller, a company commander of the 2nd Ranger Battalion, survives the initial landing and assembles a group of his Rangers to penetrate the German defenses, leading to a breakout from the beach.
After the battle, the body of a dead soldier lying face down on the beach, with "S.
Ryan" inscribed on the back of his uniform, is shown.
Meanwhile, in Washington,C, at theS.
War Department, General George Marshall is informed that three of the four brothers of the Ryan family were killed in action and that their mother is to receive all three telegrams on the same day.
He learns that the fourth son, Private First Class James Francis Ryan, is a paratrooper and is missing in action somewhere in Normandy.
Marshall, after reading Abraham Lincoln's Bixby letter, orders that Ryan must be found and sent home immediately.
Three days after D-Day, Miller receives orders to find Ryan and bring him back from the front.
He assembles six men from his company—T/Sgt.
Mike Horvath, Privates First Class Richard Reiben and Adrian Caparzo, Privates Stanley Mellish and Danny Jackson, medic Irwin Wade—and T/5 Timothy Upham, a cartographer who speaks French and German, loaned from the 29th Infantry Division.
Miller and his men move out to Neuville; there, they meet a squad from the 101st Airborne Division.
Caparzo dies after being shot by a sniper.
Eventually, they locate a Private James Ryan, but soon learn that he is not their man.
They find a member of Ryan's regiment who informs them that his drop zone was at Vierville and that his and Ryan's companies had the same rally point.
Once they reach it, Miller meets a friend of Ryan's, who reveals that Ryan is defending a strategically important bridge over the Merderet River in the fictional town of Ramelle.
On the way to Ramelle, Miller decides to neutralize a German machine gun position, despite the misgivings of his men.
Wade is fatally wounded in the ensuing skirmish, but Miller, at Upham's urging, declines to execute a surviving German, nicknamed "Steamboat Willie", and sets him free on condition that he give himself up as a prisoner of war to the first Allied unit he encounters.
No longer confident in Miller's leadership, Reiben declares his intention to desert the squad and the mission, prompting a confrontation with Horvath.
The argument heats up until Miller defuses the situation by disclosing his background in civilian life, about which the squad had earlier set up a betting pool.
Reiben then reluctantly decides to stay.
Upon arrival at Ramelle, Miller and the squad come upon a small group of paratroopers, one of whom is Ryan.
Ryan is told of his brothers' deaths, the mission to bring him home, and that two men had been lost in the quest to find him.
He is distressed at the loss of his brothers, but does not consider it fair to go home, asking Miller to tell his mother that he intends to stay "with the only brothers [he has] left".
Miller decides to take command and defend the bridge with what little manpower and resources are available.
Using his own men and the accompanying paratroopers, Miller forms ambush positions throughout the ruined town for the tanks and infantry utilizing Molotov cocktails, detonation cords, and "sticky bombs" made from socks filled with Composition  Elements of the 2nd SS Panzer Division arrive with infantry and armor.
Although they inflict heavy casualties on the Germans, most of the paratroopers, along with Jackson, Mellish, and Horvath, are killed.
While attempting to blow the bridge, Miller is shot and mortally wounded by Steamboat Willie, who has rejoined the Germans.
Just before a Tiger tank reaches the bridge, an American P-51 Mustang flies overhead and destroys the tank, followed by American armored units which rout the remaining Germans.
Upham surprises a group of German soldiers as they attempt to retreat.
Steamboat Willie, raises his hands in surrender, believing that Upham will accept because of their earlier encounter.
Having witnessed Captain Miller being shot by Steamboat Willie, Upham shoots him and lets the other surviving Germans flee.
Reiben and Ryan are with Miller as he dies and says his last words, "James.
earn this.
Earn it".
It is revealed that the veteran who is visiting the Normandy Memorial is Ryan, and the grave he is standing at is Miller's.
The elderly Ryan asks his wife to confirm that he has led a good life, that he is a "good man" and thus worthy of the sacrifice of Miller and the others.
His wife replies, "You are".
Ryan then stands at attention and delivers a salute toward Miller's grave.
<EOS>
Egyptologist and linguist Daniel Jackson, PhD.
is invited by Catherine Langford to translate Egyptian hieroglyphs on cover stones that her father had unearthed in Giza, Egypt in 1928.
Jackson is taken to aS.
Air Force installation, and told the project is classified information by its commander Special Operations Colonel Jack O'Neil.
Jackson determines that the hieroglyphs refer to a "stargate" which uses constellations as spatial coordinates.
On this revelation, Jackson is shown that the base has this Stargate, also discovered by Langford's father.
They use Jackson's coordinates to align the Stargate's metal ring with markings along its outside, and once all seven are locked in, a wormhole opens, connecting the Stargate with a distant planet.
Jackson joins O'Neil and other soldiers as they pass through the wormhole, though expresses concern at a nuclear bomb they brought as a last resort.
On the arid desert planet, they find themselves in a pyramid-like structure.
Jackson locates the Stargate and its controls, but lacks the coordinates to return home.
O'Neil orders some men to stay behind to guard the Stargate.
Nearby, they discover a tribe of humans working to mine a strange mineral from the planet.
Jackson is able to communicate with them as they speak a variation of Ancient Egyptian, and finds the tribe sees them as emissaries of their god Ra (Jaye Davidson).
The tribe's chieftain Kasuf presents Jackson with his daughter Sha'uri as a gift, and though Jackson initially refuses her, he becomes romantically attached to her.
O'Neil befriends the teenaged boy Skaara and his friends, in part because Skaara reminds him of his long-deceased son.
Through hidden markings and discussions with the tribe, Jackson learns that Ra is an alien being who had come to Earth during the Ancient Egyptian period, looking to possess human bodies to extend his own life.
Ra enslaved these humans and brought some to this planet through the Stargate to mine the mineral that is used in the alien technology.
The humans on Earth revolted, overthrew Ra's overseers, and buried the Stargate to prevent its use.
Ra forbade the humans in the tribe from becoming literate, fearing another revolt.
During this investigation, Jackson comes across a cartouche containing six of the seven symbols for the Stargate, but the seventh has been broken off.
That night, Ra's ship lands atop the pyramid structure, and O'Neil's men there are captured or killed by Ra's soldiers.
When Jackson, O'Neil, and the other men return, they end up in a firefight against Ra's soldiers.
Jackson is killed and the others captured.
Ra places Jackson's body in a sarcophagus-like device that regenerates him.
Ra then explains to Jackson that he has found the nuclear bomb the humans brought and has used his alien technology to increase its explosive power a hundred-fold, and threatens to send it back through the Stargate.
Ra orders the human tribe to watch as he prepares to execute Jackson and the others to demonstrate his power, but Skaara and his friends create a diversion that allows Jackson, O'Neil, and the others to escape.
They flee to nearby caves to hide from Ra.
Skaara and his friends celebrate, and Skaara draws out a sign of victory in the sand, which Jackson recognizes as the final symbol.
O'Neil and his men aid Skaara in overthrowing the remaining overseers, and then launch an attack on Ra.
Ra sends out fighter ships against the humans while he orders his ship to take off.
The humans outside are forced to surrender to the fighter ships' pilots when they run out of ammo, but the rest of the tribe, having finally learned of their false gods, rebel against the pilots and overthrow them.
Sha'uri is killed, but Jackson takes her body and sneaks aboard Ra's ship, using a teleportation system, leaving O'Neil to fight Ra's lead soldier.
After Jackson places Sha'uri in the regeneration device.
Ra discovers them, but O'Neil activates the teleportation system, killing Ra's lead soldier, and allowing Jackson and Sha'uri to escape.
O'Neil realizes that Ra had rigged the bomb to prevent him from disarming it.
O'Neil and Jackson decide to use the teleportation system to transport the bomb to Ra's ship.
The ensuing blast destroys the ship in space.
With the humans freed, the remaining team prepares to return to Earth, but Jackson tells O'Neil he plans to stay behind with Sha'uri and the others.
O'Neil acknowledges Jackson's request and, with the others, enters the Stargate to return home.
The director's cut had several scenes which were cut from the theatrical release.
The first such scene took place immediately after the excavation of the Stargate in 1928 and showed petrified Horus guards near the cover stones; the producers had tried to introduce the idea that beings had attempted to come through the Stargate after its burial, but they cut the scene for time concerns.
<EOS>
The story begins with an ordinary teenager, called Simon, who hears his dog, "Chippy", up in the loft of his house.
Seeking to investigate, Simon finds that the dog had discovered a spellbook titled "Ye Olde Spellbooke" in an old chest; both the dog and the book had turned up sometime before the story from an unknown location.
Simon throws the book onto the floor in contempt, not believing in magic, only for a portal to open above it as a result.
Chippy quickly goes through the portal and Simon follows, ending up in another world.
After escaping from some goblins who intended to eat Simon, he quickly discovers a house in a village belonging to a wizard called Calypso, along with a letter from him.
Through it, Simon learns he was brought to this world to save Calypso from the evil sorcerer, Sordid.
Instructed to become a wizard, Simon is told to seek out wizards in the local tavern, and complete tasks with them.
Helping them to acquire a staff, and paying a subscription fee, he then performs tasks for various people, recovering the spell book he lost, as well as locating Sordid's tower.
Gaining entry with a potion that shrinks him, he quickly winds up in the tower's garden and finds a mushroom that restores his size.
Searching the tower, Simon helps to send some demons back, and uses a teleporter to take him to the Fiery Pits of Rondor, so as to destroy Sordid's wand.
Although Simon transforms him into stone, Sordid is revived the moment his wand is destroyed.
Surviving an attempt on his life, Simon quickly outwits him, defeats him, and is sent back to his world.
Although he assumes he had a dream, a portal opens in his bedroom, and a large gloved hand appears, taking him back through it.
<EOS>
Starship Troopers takes place in the midst of an interstellar war between the Terran Federation of Earth and the Arachnids of Klendathu.
It is narrated as a series of flashbacks by space marine Johnny Rico, a member of the "Mobile Infantry".
This is one of just a few Heinlein novels set out in this fashion.
The novel opens with Rico aboard the space corvette Rodger Young (named after Medal of Honor recipient Rodger Wilton Young), serving with the platoon known as "Rasczak's Roughnecks" (named after the platoon leader, Lieutenant Rasczak); about to embark on a raid against a colony inhabited by "Skinnies" (allies of the Arachnids).
Rico himself is a 'cap [capsule] trooper' in the Terran Federation's Mobile Infantry.
The raid itself is relatively brief: the Roughnecks land on the planet, destroy their targets, and retreat, suffering two casualties in the process (one, Dizzy Flores, dies during the return to orbit).
The story then flashes back to Rico's graduation from high school, where the reader sees his close relationship with his best friend Carl and their decision to sign up for Federal Service together over the objections of Rico's father.
This is the only chapter that describes Rico's civilian life, and most of it is spent on the monologues of two people: retired Lieutenant Colonel Jean Dubois, Rico's school instructor in "History and Moral Philosophy"; and Fleet Sergeant Ho, a disabled recruiter for the armed forces.
Dubois elucidates the book's moral position in matters of war; whereas Fleet Sergeant Ho's monologues examine the nature of military service, and his anti-military tirades seem primarily in contrast with Dubois.
Later it becomes apparent that his attitude and display of truncated limbs are intended to scare off unmotivated applicants.
Interspersed throughout the book are other flashbacks to Rico's History and Moral Philosophy course, which reveal that the rights of a full Citizen (to vote and hold public office) must be earned through voluntary Federal service.
Those who do not perform this Service retain the rights of free speech, assembly, etc, but cannot vote or hold public office.
This structure arose ad hoc after the collapse of the "20th century Western democracies", brought on by social failures at home (among which appear to be poor handling of juvenile delinquency) and military defeat by the Chinese Hegemony overseas.
In the next section of the novel, Rico begins training at Camp Arthur Currie on the Canadian prairie.
Five chapters are spent exploring Rico's experience there, under the tutelage of career Ship's Sergeant Charles Zim.
Fewer than ten percent of the recruits finish basic training; the rest resign, are expelled, or die in training.
One of the chapters displays Ted Hendrick, a fellow recruit and constant complainer, who is flogged and expelled for striking a superior officer (Sergeant Zim) during a simulated combat exercise.
Zim does not offer this information to his superior, but Hendrick does.
Another recruit, a deserter who murdered a baby girl while AWOL, is hanged by his battalion after his arrest by civilian police.
Rico himself is flogged for negligent handling of his equipment during a simulated nuclear weapons drill.
Despite this punishment and his own earlier doubts about his fitness to serve, Rico eventually graduates and is assigned to a unit in the Fleet.
During Rico's training, the "Bug War" has changed from border incidents to a full-scale war, and Rico finds himself taking part in combat operations.
The war "officially" starts with an Arachnid attack that annihilates the city of Buenos Aires (which kills Rico's mother).
Rico briefly describes the Terran Federation's disastrous defeat at the Battle of Klendathu, during which his first unit and ship are destroyed.
Following Klendathu, the Terran Federation is reduced to hit-and-run raids similar to that described at the beginning of the novel.
This part of the book describes the daily routine of military life, as well as the relationship between officers and non-commissioned officers (personified in this case by Lieutenant Rasczak and Sergeant Jelal).
Eventually, Rico becomes a career soldier, and one of his fellow troopers recommends him to Officer Candidate School, where he undergoes a second course of training.
En route from the Roughnecks to OCS, Sergeant Rico encounters his estranged father, now Corporal Rico, in transit, and reconciles with him.
Sergeant Rico is commissioned a temporary third lieutenant for his final test: a posting to a combat unit.
Under the tutelage of his company commander, Captain Blackstone, and with the aid of his platoon sergeant, Zim (reassigned from Camp Arthur Currie), Rico commands a platoon during 'Operation Royalty': a raid to capture members of the Bugs' 'brain caste' and 'queens', and graduates as a second lieutenant.
The final chapter serves as a coda, depicting Rico aboard the Rodger Young as the commander of Rico's Roughnecks (previously Rasczak's Roughnecks), preparing to invade Klendathu, with his father as senior NCO.
<EOS>
In 1944 in the Republic of Salò, the Fascist-occupied portion of Italy, four wealthy men of power, the Duke, the Bishop, the Magistrate and the President, agree to marry each other's daughters as the first step in a debauched ritual.
They recruit four teenage boys to act as guards (dressed with uniforms of Decima Flottiglia MAS) and four young soldiers (called "studs", "cockmongers" or "fuckers"), who are chosen because of their big penises.
They then kidnap nine young men and nine young women and take them to a palace near Marzabotto.
Accompanying them are four middle-aged prostitutes, also collaborators, who recount arousing stories for the men, who sadistically exploit their victims.
During the many days at the palace, the four men devise increasingly abhorrent tortures and humiliations for their own pleasure.
During breakfast, the daughters enter the dining hall naked to serve food.
One of the studs trips and rapes a daughter in front of the crowd, which laughs at her cries of pain.
Intrigued, the President moons several slaves before prompting the stud to perform anal sex on him and the Duke sings 'Sul Ponte di perati' and everybody sings also.
A girl who tries to escape is slain and a middle-aged prostitute continues with her story.
Two victims are forced to marry.
The ceremony is interrupted when the Duke fondles several victims and prostitutes.
At the end, the bride and groom are forced to fondle each other and the men rape them to stop them from having sex with each other.
During this, the Magistrate engages with the Duke in three-way intercourse.
Another day, the victims are forced to act like dogs.
When one of the victims, Lamberto, refuses, the Magistrate whips him and tortures the President's daughter by tricking her into eating food containing nails.
Non-penetrative sex gives way to coprophagia.
As Signora Maggi tells her story, the President notices that one of the studs has an erection and fondles him.
Another stud uses a female victim's hand to masturbate himself.
Signora Maggi relates how she killed her mother, and Renata cries, remembering the murder of her own mother.
The Duke, sexually excited at the sound of her cries, begins verbally abusing her.
The Duke orders the guards and studs to undress her.
During this, she begs God for death, and the Duke punishes her by defecating and forcing her to eat his feces.
The President leaves to masturbate.
Later, the other victims are presented with a meal of human feces.
During a search for the victim with the most beautiful buttocks, Franco is picked and promised death in the future.
Later, there is a black mass-like wedding between the studs and the men of power.
The men angrily order the children to laugh, but they are too grief-stricken to do so.
The Pianist and Signora Vaccari tell jokes to make the victims laugh.
The wedding ceremony ensues with each man of power exchanging rings with a stud.
After the wedding, the Bishop is sodomized by his stud.
The Bishop then leaves to examine the captives in their rooms, where they start systematically betraying each other: Claudio reveals that Graziella is hiding a photograph, Graziella reveals that Eva and Antiniska are having a secret sexual affair, and Ezio, a collaborator and the black servant are shot dead after being found having sex, but not before Ezio makes a defiant socialist salute.
Victim Umberto Chessari is appointed to replace Ezio.
Toward the end, the remaining victims are called out to determine which of them will be punished.
Graziella is spared due to her betrayal of Eva, and Rino is spared due to his submissive relationship with the Duke.
Those who are called are given a blue ribbon and sentenced to a painful death.
The victims huddle together and cry and pray in the bathroom.
They are then tortured and murdered through methods such as branding, hanging, scalping, burning, and having their tongues and eyes cut out, as each libertine takes his turn to watch as voyeur.
The soldiers shake hands and bid farewell, and the Pianist commits suicide due to her grief.
The film's final shot is of two young soldiers, who had witnessed and collaborated in all the atrocities, dancing a simple waltz together.
<EOS>
Set in the year 2199, an alien race known as the "Gamilas" ("Gamilons" in the English Star Blazers dub) unleash radioactive meteorite bombs on Earth, rendering the planet's surface uninhabitable.
Humanity has retreated into deep underground cities, but the radioactivity is slowly affecting them as well, with humanity's extinction estimated in one year.
Earth's space fleet is hopelessly outclassed by the Gamilas and all seems lost until a message capsule from a mysterious crashed spaceship is retrieved on Mars.
The capsule yields blueprints for a faster-than-light engine and an offering of help from Queen Starsha of the planet Iscandar in the Large Magellanic Cloud.
She says that her planet has a device, the Cosmo-Cleaner D (Cosmo DNA), which can cleanse Earth of its radiation damage.
The inhabitants of Earth secretly build a massive spaceship inside the ruins of the gigantic Japanese battleship Yamato which lies exposed at the former bottom of the ocean location where she was sunk in World War II.
This becomes the "Space Battleship Yamato" for which the story is titled.
Using Starsha's blueprints, they equip the new ship with a space warp drive, called the "wave motion engine", and a new, incredibly powerful weapon at the bow called the "Wave Motion Gun".
The is capable of converting the vacuum of space into tachyon energy, as well as functioning like a normal rocket engine, and providing essentially infinite power to the ship, it enables the Yamato to "ride" the wave of tachyons and travel faster than light.
The , also called the Dimensional Wave Motion Explosive Compression Emitter, is the "trump card" of the Yamato that functions by connecting the Wave Motion Engine to the enormous firing gate at the ship's bow, enabling the tachyon energy power of the engine to be fired in a stream directly forwards.
Enormously powerful, it can vaporize a fleet of enemy ships—or a small continent (as seen in the first season, fifth episode)—with one shot; however, it takes a brief but critical period to charge before firing.
In the English Star Blazers dub, the ship is noted as being the historical Yamato, but is then renamed the Argo (after the ship of Jason and the Argonauts).
A crew of 114 departs for Iscandar in the Yamato to retrieve the radiation-removing device and return to Earth within the one-year deadline.
Along the way, they discover the motives of their blue-skinned adversaries: the planet Gamilas, sister planet to Iscandar, is dying; and its leader, Lord Desslar ("Desslok" in the Star Blazers dub), is trying to irradiate Earth enough for his people to move there, at the expense of the "barbarians" he considers humanity to be.
The first season contained 26 episodes, following the Yamatos voyage out of the Milky Way Galaxy and back again.
A continuing story, it features the declining health of Yamatos Captain Okita (Avatar in the Star Blazers dub), and the transformation of the brash young orphan Susumu Kodai (Derek Wildstar) into a mature officer, as well as his budding romance with female crewmember Yuki Mori (Nova Forrester).
The foreign edits tend to play up the individual characters, while the Japanese original is often more focused on the ship itself.
In a speech at the 1995 Anime Expo, series episode director Noboru Ishiguro said low ratings and high production expenses forced producer Yoshinobu Nishizaki to trim down the episode count from the original 39 episodes to only 26.
The 13 episodes would have introduced Captain Harlock as a new series character.
The series was condensed into a 130-minute-long movie by combining elements from a few key episodes of the first season.
Additional animation was created for the movie (such as the scenes on Iscandar) or recycled from the series' test footage (such as the opening sequence).
The movie, which was released in Japan on August 6, 1977, was edited down further and dubbed into English in 1978; entitled Space Cruiser Yamato or simply Space Cruiser, it was only given a limited theatrical release in Europe & Latin America, where it was called Patrulha Estelar (Star Patrol, in Brazilian Portuguese) or Astronave Intrepido (Starship Intrepid, in Spanish), though it was later released on video in most countries.
<EOS>
