Starting with the words "Once Upon a Time," the Narrator introduces four characters who each have a wish: Cinderella, the daughter of a wealthy man who has been reduced by her wicked stepmother and stepsisters into becoming their skivvy, wishes to attend the King's festival; Jack, a simple poor boy, wishes that his cow, Milky White, would give milk; and a Baker and his Wife wish they could have a child.
While Little Red Ridinghood wishes for bread from the Baker to take to her grandmother's house, which they reluctantly give, Jack's weary mother, who wishes for gold, nags him into selling the cow, and Cinderella's stepmother and stepsisters Florinda and Lucinda tease her about wanting to attend the King's festival.
The Baker's neighbor, an ugly old witch, reveals that the source of the couple's infertility is a curse she placed on the Baker's line after catching the Baker's father in her garden stealing vegetables, including six "magic" beans.
In addition to the curse, the Witch took the Baker's father's newborn child Rapunzel.
She explains the curse will be lifted if the Baker and his Wife can find the four ingredients that the Witch needs for a certain potion; "the cow as white as milk, the cape as red as blood, the hair as yellow as corn, and the slipper as pure as gold," all before the chime of midnight in three days' time.
All begin their journeys into the woods&nbsp;&mdash; Jack goes to the market to sell his beloved pet Milky White, Cinderella's family goes to the Festival while Cinderella goes to her mother's grave to ask for guidance, Little Red goes to her grandmother's house, and the Baker, refusing his wife's help, goes to find the ingredients ("Prologue").
Cinderella visits her mother's grave and receives a beautiful gown and golden slippers from her mother's spirit ("Cinderella at the Grave").
Jack encounters a Mysterious Man who mocks him for trying to sell his cow for more than a "sack of beans" and then vanishes.
Little Red Ridinghood meets a hungry Wolf who convinces her to take a detour on her way to Granny's ("Hello, Little Girl").
The Baker sees Little Red Ridinghood in the woods, and when the Witch appears, screaming at him to get the red cape, he is so frightened that he forgets the ingredients he needs.
Luckily his wife, who followed him into the forest, reminds him.
They are squabbling over her presence when they come across Jack with Milky White.
Not having the money necessary to buy the cow, they convince Jack that the beans the Baker has found in his father's old hunting jacket are magic and buy the cow for five of them.
Jack bids a tearful goodbye to his cow ("I Guess This Is Goodbye"), and the Baker orders his wife to return to the village with the cow.
He has qualms about being so dishonest, but his wife reasons that the chance to have a child justifies their trickery ("Maybe They're Magic").
The Witch has raised Rapunzel as her own daughter, keeping her locked away from the world in a tall tower in the middle of the woods, accessible only by climbing Rapunzel's long, golden hair ("Our Little World").
However, on this day a handsome prince spies the beautiful Rapunzel and resolves to climb the tower himself.
In another part of the wood, the Baker has tracked down Little Red Ridinghood.
Following the Witch's advice, he attempts to simply steal the red cape, but her ensuing temper tantrum guilts him into returning it.
When Little Red Ridinghood arrives at her grandmother's house, she is swallowed by the Wolf.
The Baker, in pursuit of the cape, slays the Wolf, pulling Little Red Ridinghood and her grandmother from the beast's innards.
Little Red Riding hood rewards him with the red cape, reflecting on her new experiences ("I Know Things Now").
Meanwhile, Jack's mother angrily tosses the beans aside, which end up growing into an enormous stalk overnight, and sends her son to bed without supper.
As Cinderella flees the Festival, pursued by another handsome prince and his steward, the Wife helps her hide and quizzes Cinderella about the ball.
Cinderella explains that it was a nice ball ("A Very Nice Prince") but seems fairly ambivalent about the experience.
As a giant beanstalk begins to sprout from the ground next to Jack's cottage, the Baker's Wife spots Cinderella's pure gold slippers.
She tries to chase after Cinderella but inadvertently allows Milky White to run off, leaving the Baker's Wife without the slippers or the cow.
The characters each state morals and credos as the first midnight chimes ("First Midnight") and they continue their journeys through the woods.
The next morning, Jack describes his thrilling adventure after he returns from climbing the beanstalk and finding a castle of two married giants, whom he robbed unnoticed ("Giants in the Sky").
He gives the Baker five gold pieces he stole from the giants to buy back his cow.
When the Baker hesitates, Jack climbs back up the beanstalk to find more.
The Mysterious Man emerges and taunts the Baker, stealing the money.
The Baker's Wife confesses she has lost the cow, and she and the Baker split up to look for it.
Cinderella's Prince and Rapunzel's Prince, who are brothers, meet and compare the misery of their newfound and unobtainable loves ("Agony").
The Baker's Wife, who is eavesdropping, takes note when Rapunzel's prince mentions that he is in love with a girl in a tower with hair "as yellow as corn".
The Baker's Wife fools Rapunzel into letting down her hair by telling her that she is her prince and pulls out a piece of it.
Meanwhile, The Mysterious Man gives Milky White back to the Baker.
The Baker's Wife and Cinderella meet again, and the Baker's Wife makes a desperate grab for her shoes, almost succeeding before Cinderella flees.
The Baker and his wife reunite, now with three of the four items.
The Baker admits that they will have to work together to fulfill the quest ("It Takes Two").
Jack arrives with a hen that lays golden eggs and attempts to buy Milky White back, but the cow suddenly keels over dead as midnight chimes.
Again, the characters exchange morals ("Second Midnight").
The Witch discovers that the Prince has been visiting Rapunzel and begs Rapunzel to stay with her so she can protect her from the outside world ("Stay with Me").
When Rapunzel refuses, the Witch angrily cuts off Rapunzel's hair and banishes her to a desert.
The Mysterious Man gives the Baker the money to buy another cow.
Jack encounters Little Red Ridinghood, who is now sporting a wolf skin cape and a knife for protection, and tries to impress her by telling her about the kingdom of the Giant.
When she refuses to believe him, he is goaded into returning once again to the Giant's home to steal a magic harp.
Cinderella, returning from the last night of the festival, describes how the Prince had spread pitch on the stairs to prevent her from escaping.
Caught between wanting to escape and wanting to stay, she eventually resolves to let the Prince decide, leaving him one of her slippers as a clue to her identity ("On the Steps of the Palace").
The Baker's Wife frantically tries to convince her to give up her other shoe, offering her the sixth magic bean in exchange for it.
Cinderella throws the bean aside, but trades shoes with the Baker's Wife and flees, while unbeknownst to anyone a second beanstalk starts to grow.
The Baker arrives with another cow; they now have all four items.
The Prince's Steward grabs the slipper from the Baker's Wife, and they are fighting over it when a great crash is heard and Jack's mother runs in to report that a Giant seeking revenge from Jack for stealing his magic harp has fallen from the first beanstalk when Jack chopped it and is dead in her backyard.
The Prince, more concerned with finding Cinderella, waves her off and departs with one of the slippers, giving the other to the Baker and his wife.
Jack, to the relief of his mother, returns with the magic harp.
The Witch discovers that the new cow is not pure white; it is covered with flour.
However, the Witch is able to bring Milky White back to life and instructs the Baker and his Wife to feed the items to her.
Jack tries to milk her, but no milk comes.
The Baker's Wife admits that the hair is Rapunzel's, and the Witch furiously explains that the magic will not work because the Witch has already touched Rapunzel's hair, which is also why she had asked the Baker and his Wife to get the objects for her: she's not allowed to touch any of the objects.
The Mysterious Man tells the Baker to feed the hair-like corn silk to the cow.
Now Milky White gives milk which is the potion.
The Witch reveals that the Mysterious Man is the Baker's father.
The Witch drinks the potion, and suddenly the Mysterious Man falls dead, his reparation complete, the curse is broken, and the Witch is transformed into a beautiful young woman, reversing the effects of the curse of ugliness by which she was punished by her mother, because the Baker's father stole the beans from her, regaining her youth and beauty.
Cinderella's Prince searches for the girl whose foot fits the slipper; the stepsisters try but can only get it on by cutting off parts of their feet ("Careful My Toe").
Cinderella appears, her foot fits the slipper, and she becomes the Prince's bride.
Rapunzel has borne twins in the desert where her Prince finds her.
The Witch attempts to curse the couple, only to find that though she gained her youth and beauty, her powers have been lost.
At Cinderella's wedding to the Prince, Florinda and Lucinda are blinded by birds as they try to win Cinderella's favor.
Everyone but the Witch and the stepsisters congratulate themselves on being able to live happily "Ever After," though they fail to notice another beanstalk growing sky-high.
The Narrator introduces the action again: "Once Upon a Time.
Later".
All the characters seem happy but are still wishing: The Baker and his Wife have their precious baby boy, but wish for more room and bicker over the Baker's unwillingness to hold his child; Jack and his mother are rich and well-fed, but Jack misses his kingdom in the sky; Cinderella is living with her Prince Charming in the Palace, but is getting bored ("So Happy").
Suddenly, everyone is knocked over by a loud crash, and enormous footprints from a Giant have destroyed the Witch's garden, sparing only a few beans.
The Baker and his Wife decide that they must tell the Royal Family, and the Baker travels to the palace.
His news is ignored by the Prince's Steward, and also by Jack's Mother when he stops at her house to ask for Jack's aid.
When he returns home, Little Red Ridinghood arrives on her way to Granny's: her house has been destroyed and her mother is missing.
The Baker and his Wife decide to escort her.
Meanwhile, Jack decides that he must slay the Giant and Cinderella learns from her bird friends that her mother's grave was disturbed and decides to investigate, dressed in her old clothes.
Once again, everyone heads Into the Woods, but this time the mood is somber and the birds have stopped singing ("Into the Woods" Reprise).
While everyone else is drawn back into the woods, Rapunzel has fled there in a hysterical fit, her treatment at the hands of the Witch having driven her into madness.
Her Prince has followed her, but when he encounters his brother they each confess they have another reason for their presence in the woods.
They have grown bored and frustrated with their marriages and now lust after two beautiful women asleep in the woods - Snow White and Sleeping Beauty ("Agony" Reprise).
The Baker, his Wife, and Little Red Ridinghood get lost in the woods and find Cinderella's family and the Steward, who reveal that the castle was set upon by the Giant.
The Witch arrives as well, bringing news that the Giant has destroyed the village and the Baker's house.
Suddenly, thunderous footsteps are heard and the Giant appears.
To the shock of all, this Giant is a woman who has come from the second beanstalk and is the widow of the Giant that Jack killed by chopping down the beanstalk.
Her booming voice proclaims that she wants Jack's blood in revenge.
To satisfy the Giantess, the group realizes they must give her someone, but are unable to decide on whom until they realize that the Narrator is still commenting on the actions from the sidelines.
Everyone offers her the narrator as a sacrifice, but he convinces them how lost they would be without him.
Nevertheless, the Witch throws him into the Giantess's arms and he is killed upon being dropped.
Jack's mother finds the group and aggressively defends her son, angering the Giantess, and the Steward clubs Jack's mother to quiet her, inadvertently killing her.
As the Giantess leaves to search for Jack, Rapunzel runs into her path and is trampled, to the horror of the Witch and her Prince ("Witch's Lament").
The Royal Family continue on their way, fleeing to a hidden Kingdom despite the Baker's pleas for them to stay and fight the Giant.
The Witch declares she will find Jack and sacrifice him to the Giant, and the Baker and his Wife decide they must find him first and split up to search.
The Baker's Wife meets Cinderella's Prince, and he easily seduces the Wife ("Any Moment").
Meanwhile, the Baker discovers Cinderella at her mother's destroyed grave and convinces her to join their group for safety.
The Prince, satisfied, leaves the Baker's Wife with a few platitudes, and she realizes her error and decides to return to her happy life with the Baker and their son ("Moments in the Woods").
However, she has lost her way, stumbles into the path of the Giant, and is consequently killed by a falling tree.
The Baker, Little Red, and Cinderella await the return of the Baker's Wife when the Witch drags in Jack, whom she found weeping over the Baker's Wife's body.
The Baker, grief-stricken when he learns of his wife's death, unwittingly agrees to give Jack to the Giantess, causing an argument.
The characters first blame each other for their predicament, until finally they all decide to blame the Witch for growing the beans in the first place ("Your Fault").
Disgusted and fed up, the Witch curses and scolds them for their inability to accept their own individual responsibility and throws away the rest of her magic beans, reactivating her mother's curse and making her vanish ("Last Midnight").
The grieving Baker flees, but is visited by his father's spirit who convinces him to face his responsibilities ("No More").
The Baker returns and helps plan killing the Giantess, using Cinderella's bird friends to peck out the Giant's eyes at an area smeared with pitch, where Jack and the Baker can finally deliver a fatal blow.
Cinderella stays behind to protect the Baker's child and when her Prince passes by, he nearly fails to recognize her.
She confronts him, having learned of his infidelity from her birds and he explains his feelings of unfulfillment and his reasons for seducing another woman.
She asks him to go, and he sorrowfully leaves.
Little Red returns with the news that her grandmother has been killed by the Giantess.
Meanwhile, the Baker tells Jack that his mother is dead.
Jack vows to kill the steward in revenge until the Baker convinces him that killing the steward will not benefit anyone.
Cinderella comforts Little Red and tries to answer her qualms that killing the Giant makes them no better than she is, while the Baker explains to Jack that everyone is responsible for the choices they make, good or bad ("No One Is Alone").
The four remaining characters slay the Giant and the deceased characters now including the Royal Family (who have lost their way and starved to death in the woods) and the Princes (who have their new paramours, Snow White and Sleeping Beauty, on their arms) return to share one last set of morals with the audience.
The survivors resolve to band together and rebuild.
The spirit of the Baker's Wife appears to comfort her mourning husband advising her husband to tell their child their story.
The Baker begins to tell the story using the same words as the narrator did at the beginning of the play as the Witch appears with the final moral: "Careful the things you say, Children Will Listen".
All join in on a last reprise of the title song, surmising that we all must venture into the Woods while remembering the choices we've made and learning from each endeavor we come across ("Finale").
As the characters conclude the song singing, "Into the woods, and out of the woods and happily ever after", Cinderella closes the show with one last "I wish.
".
<EOS>
Joe Bonham, a young American soldier serving in World War I, awakens in a hospital bed after being caught in the blast of an exploding artillery shell.
He gradually realizes that he has lost his arms, legs, and all of his face (including his eyes, ears, teeth, and tongue), but that his mind functions perfectly, leaving him a prisoner in his own body.
Joe attempts suicide by suffocation, but finds that he had been given a tracheotomy that he can neither remove nor control.
At first Joe wishes to die, but later decides that he desires to be placed in a glass box and toured around the country in order to show others the true horrors of war.
Joe successfully communicates these desires with military officials by banging his head on his pillow in Morse code.
However, he realizes that the military will not grant his wishes, as it is "against regulations".
It is implied that he will live the rest of his natural life in his condition.
As Joe drifts between reality and fantasy, he remembers his old life with his family and girlfriend, and reflects upon the myths and realities of war.
<EOS>
In New York Harbor, filmmaker Carl Denham, famous for making wildlife films in remote and exotic locations, charters Captain Englehorn's ship Venture for his new project, but is unable to secure an actress for a female role he has reluctantly added to the script.
Due to set sail that night, Denham searches the streets of New York for a suitable woman.
He meets penniless Ann Darrow and convinces her to join him for what he proposes as the adventure of a lifetime.
The Venture quickly gets underway and, during the voyage, the surly first mate, Jack Driscoll, gradually falls in love with Ann.
After weeks of secrecy, Denham finally tells Englehorn and Driscoll that their destination is Skull Island, an uncharted land shown on a map in Denham's possession.
Denham also cryptically alludes to some monstrous creature rumored to dwell on the island, a legendary entity known only as "Kong".
When they find the island and anchor offshore, they see a native village, separated from the rest of the island by an enormous ancient stone wall.
A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, witnesses a group of natives preparing to sacrifice a young maiden as the "bride of Kong".
The intruders are spotted and the native chief angrily stops the ceremony.
When he sees the blonde Ann, he offers to trade six of his tribal women for the "golden woman".
They rebuff him and return to the Venture.
That night, a band of natives kidnap Ann from the ship and lead her through a huge wooden gate in the wall.
Tied to an altar, she is offered to Kong, who turns out to be an enormous gorilla-like ape.
Kong carries her off into the jungle as the Venture crew, alerted to Ann's abduction, arrive.
They open the gate and Denham, Driscoll and some volunteers enter the jungle in hopes of rescuing Ann.
They soon discover that Kong is far from the only giant prehistoric creature on the island when they are charged by a Stegosaurus, which they manage to kill.
After constructing a raft in order to cross a swamp, a Brontosaurus capsizes their supplies, killing several of the men.
Fleeing through the jungle, they soon encounter Kong, who tries to stop them from crossing a ravine by shaking them off a fallen tree that bridges it.
Only Driscoll and Denham, on opposite sides, survive.
A Tyrannosaurus threatens Ann, but Kong kills it after a colossal battle.
Driscoll continues to shadow Kong and Ann while Denham returns to the village for more ammunition.
Upon arriving in Kong's lair in a mountain cave, Ann is menaced by a snake-like Elasmosaurus, which Kong wrestles and kills.
While Kong is distracted killing a Pteranodon that tried to fly away with Ann, Driscoll reaches her and they climb down a vine dangling from a cliff ledge.
When Kong notices and starts pulling them back up, they let go and fall unharmed into the water below.
They run through the jungle and back to the village, where Denham, Englehorn and the surviving crewmen are waiting.
Kong, following, breaks open the gate and murderously rampages through the village.
On shore, Denham, now determined to bring Kong back alive, knocks him unconscious with a gas bomb.
Chained and shackled, Kong is presented to a Broadway theatre audience as "Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World".
Ann and Jack are brought on stage to join him, followed by an invited group of press photographers.
Kong, believing that the ensuing flash photography is an attack, breaks loose as the audience flees in terror.
Ann is whisked away to a hotel room on a high floor, but Kong, scaling the building, soon finds her.
Carrying her in his hand, he rampages through the city.
He wrecks a crowded elevated train and ultimately climbs up the Empire State Building.
At its top, he is met by four military airplanes.
Kong sets Ann down and battles the planes, managing to down one of them, but he finally succumbs to their gunfire and falls to his death.
Ann and Jack are reunited.
Denham arrives and pushes through a crowd surrounding Kong's body in the street.
When a policeman remarks that the planes got him, Denham tells him, "Oh, no, it wasn't the airplanes.
It was Beauty killed the Beast".
<EOS>
The game is set in Angel Land, which is a fantasy world with a Greek mythology theme.
The backstory of Kid Icarus is described in the instruction booklet: before the events of the game, Earth was ruled by Palutena: Goddess of Light and Medusa: Goddess of Darkness.
Palutena bestowed the people with light to make them happy.
Medusa hated the humans, dried up their crop, and turned them to stone.
Enraged by this, Palutena transformed Medusa into a monster and banished her to the Underworld.
Out of revenge, Medusa conspired with the monsters of the Underworld to take over Palutena's residence the Palace in the Sky.
She launched a surprise attack, and stole the three sacred treasures — the Mirror Shield, the Light Arrows and the Wings of Pegasus — which deprived Palutena's army of its power.
After her soldiers had been turned to stone by Medusa, Palutena was defeated in battle and imprisoned deep inside the Palace in the Sky.
With her last power, she sent a bow and arrow to the young angel Pit.
He escapes from his prison in the Underworld and sets out to save Palutena and Angel Land.
Throughout the course of the story, Pit retrieves the three sacred treasures from the fortress gatekeepers at their respectful fortresses in the Underworld, the Overworld, and the Skyworld.
Afterward, he equips himself with the treasures and storms the sky temple where he defeats Medusa and rescues Palutena.
The game has multiple endings: depending on the player's performance, Palutena either presents Pit with headgear, or transforms him into a full-grown angel.
<EOS>
Icehenge is set in three distinct time periods.
The first part is the diary of an engineer caught up in a failed Martian political revolution in 2248.
The middle part is narrated by an archaeologist on the project, three centuries later, that finds the engineer's diary; at the same time, a mysterious monument is found at the north pole of Pluto.
In the final part, the archaeologist's great-grandson investigates the possibility that the diary and the monument were both planted by a wealthy recluse who lives in Saturn orbit.
<EOS>
Brian Cohen is born in a stable next door to the one in which Jesus is born, which initially confuses the three wise men who come to praise the future King of the Jews.
Brian grows up an idealistic young man who resents the continuing Roman occupation of Judea.
While attending Jesus' Sermon on the Mount, Brian becomes infatuated with an attractive young rebel, Judith.
His desire for her and hatred for the Romans lead him to join the "People's Front of Judea", one of many fractious and bickering independence movements, who spend more time fighting each other than the Romans.
After several misadventures, and escaping from Pontius Pilate, Brian winds up in a line-up of would-be mystics and prophets who harangue the passing crowd in a plaza.
Forced to come up with something plausible in order to blend in and keep the guards off his back, Brian repeats some of what he had heard Jesus say, and quickly attracts a small but intrigued audience.
Once the guards have left, Brian tries to put the episode behind him, but he has unintentionally inspired a movement.
He grows frantic when he finds that some people have started to follow him around, with even the slightest unusual occurrence being hailed as a miracle.
Their responses grow in fervor and intensity, making it harder and harder for him to get away from them, yet because of the mob's excitement over the 'miracles' they discover, they ultimately end up completely ignoring Brian himself.
Judith is the only one that doesn't leave; Brian and Judith then spend the night together.
In the morning, Brian, completely naked, opens the curtains to discover an enormous crowd outside his mother's house which proclaims him to be the Messiah.
Brian's mother protests, telling the crowd that "He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy" and, "There's no Messiah in here.
There's a mess, all right, but no Messiah".
All of her attempts at dispersing the crowd are rebuffed.
Furthermore, once Brian addresses them, he also finds that he is unable to change their minds.
His followers are completely committed to their beliefs in and of Brian's divinity.
They immediately seize upon everything he says and does as points of doctrine.
The hapless Brian is unable to escape his unwanted 'disciples'; even his his mother's house is surrounded by an enormous, enraptured crowd.
They fling their afflicted bodies at him, demanding miracle cures and divine secrets.
After sneaking out the back, Brian is then finally captured and scheduled to be crucified.
Meanwhile, yet another a huge crowd has assembled outside the palace.
Pontious Pilate (together with the visiting Biggus Dickus) tries to quell the feeling of revolution by granting them the choice of one person to be pardoned.
The crowd, however, shouts out names containing the letter "r", mocking Pilate's rhotacistic speech impediment.
Eventually, Judith appears in the crowd and calls for the release of Brian, which the crowd echoes since the name also contains an "r".
Pilate agrees to "welease Bwian".
His order is eventually relayed to the guards, but in a scene that parodies the climax of the film Spartacus, various crucified people all claim to be "Brian of Nazareth" and the wrong man is released.
Various other opportunities for a reprieve for Brian are denied as, one by one, his "allies" (including Judith and his mother) step forward to explain why they are leaving the "noble freedom fighter" hanging in the hot sun.
Hope is renewed when a crack suicide squad from the "Judean People's Front" (not to be confused with the People's Front of Judea) come charging towards the Romans, but rather than fighting to release Brian or the other prisoners, they commit mass suicide as a political protest.
Condemned to a long and painful death, Brian finds his spirits lifted by his fellow sufferers, who break into song with "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life".
<EOS>
A man (Davos Hanich) is a prisoner in the aftermath of World War III in post-apocalyptic Paris where survivors live underground in the Palais de Chaillot galleries.
Scientists research time travel, hoping to send test subjects to different time periods "to call past and future to the rescue of the present".
They have difficulty finding subjects who can mentally withstand the shock of time travel.
The scientists eventually settle upon the prisoner; his key to the past is a vague but obsessive memory from his pre-war childhood of a woman (Hélène Chatelain) he had seen on the observation platform ("the jetty") at Orly Airport shortly before witnessing a startling incident there.
He had not understood exactly what happened but knew he had seen a man die.
After several attempts, he reaches the pre-war period.
He meets the woman from his memory, and they develop a romantic relationship.
After his successful passages to the past, the experimenters attempt to send him into the far future.
In a brief meeting with the technologically advanced people of the future, he is given a power unit sufficient to regenerate his own destroyed society.
Upon his return, with his mission accomplished, he discerns that he is to be executed by his jailers.
He is contacted by the people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently; but he asks instead to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again.
He is returned to the past, placed on the jetty at the airport, and it occurs to him that the child version of himself is probably also there at the same time.
But he is more concerned with locating the woman and he quickly spots her.
However, as he rushes to her, he notices an agent of his jailers who has followed him and realizes the agent is about to kill him.
In his final moments, he comes to understand that the incident he witnessed as a child, which has haunted him ever since, was his own death.
<EOS>
In this story, an artist, named Niggle, lives in a society that does not much value art.
Working only to please himself, he paints a canvas of a great Tree with a forest in the distance.
He invests each and every leaf of his tree with obsessive attention to detail, making every leaf uniquely beautiful.
Niggle ends up discarding all his other artworks, or tacks them onto the main canvas, which becomes a single vast embodiment of his vision.
However, there are many mundane chores and duties that prevent Niggle from giving his work the attention it deserves, so it remains incomplete and is not fully realised.
At the back of his head, Niggle knows that he has a great trip looming, and he must pack and prepare his bags.
Also, Niggle's next door neighbour, a gardener named Parish, frequently drops by asking for various forms of help.
Parish is lame and has a sick wife and genuinely needs help – Niggle, having a good heart, always takes time out to help but often reluctantly as he would rather work on his painting.
And Niggle has other pressing work duties that require his attention.
Then Niggle himself catches a chill doing errands for Parish in the rain.
Eventually, Niggle is forced to take his trip, and cannot get out of it.
He has not prepared, and as a result ends up in a kind of institution, in which he must perform menial labour each day.
In time, he is paroled from the institution, and he is sent to a place 'for a little gentle treatment'.
But he discovers that the new country he is sent to is in fact the country of the Tree and Forest of his great painting, now long abandoned and all but destroyed (except for the one perfect leaf of the title which is placed in the local museum) in the home to which he cannot return – but the Tree here and now in this place is the true realisation of his vision, not the flawed and incomplete form of his painting.
Niggle is reunited with his old neighbour, Parish, who now proves his worth as a gardener, and together they make the Tree and Forest even more beautiful.
Finally, Niggle journeys farther and deeper into the Forest, and beyond into the great mountains that he only faintly glimpsed in his painting.
Long after both Niggle and Parish have taken their journeys, the lovely field that they built together becomes a place for many travellers to visit before their final voyage into the Mountains, and it earns the name "Niggle's Parish".
<EOS>
Based on a dispensationalist interpretation of prophecies in the Biblical books of Revelation, Daniel, Isaiah and Ezekiel, Left Behind tells the story of the end times (set in the contemporary era), in which true believers in Christ have been "raptured", (taken instantly to heaven) leaving the world shattered and chaotic.
As people scramble for answers, an obscure Romanian politician named Nicolae Jetty Carpathia rises to become secretary-general of the United Nations, promising to restore peace and stability to all nations.
What most of the world does not realize is that Carpathia is actually the Antichrist foretold of in the Bible.
Coming to grips with the truth and becoming born-again Christians, airline pilot Rayford Steele, his daughter Chloe, their pastor Bruce Barnes, and young journalist Cameron "Buck" Williams begin their quest as the Tribulation Force to help save the lost and prepare for the coming Tribulation, in which God will rain down judgment on the world for seven years.
<EOS>
Charlie (Harvey Keitel) is a young Italian-American man who is trying to move up in the local New York Mafia but is hampered by his feeling of responsibility towards his reckless younger friend Johnny Boy (Robert De Niro), a small-time gambler who owes money to many loan sharks.
Charlie works for his uncle Giovanni (Cesare Danova), the local caporegime, mostly collecting debts.
He is also having a secret affair with Johnny Boy's cousin Teresa (Amy Robinson), who has epilepsy and is ostracized because of her condition—especially by Charlie's uncle.
Charlie's uncle, a dignified man who takes his role as caporegime seriously, also wants Charlie not to be such close friends with Johnny, saying "Honorable men go with honorable men".
Charlie is torn between his devout Catholicism and his Mafia ambitions.
As the film progresses, Johnny becomes increasingly self-destructive and disrespectful of his creditors.
Failing to receive redemption in the church, Charlie seeks it through sacrificing himself on Johnny's behalf.
At a bar, a local loan shark named Michael (Richard Romanus) comes looking for Johnny to "pay up", but to his surprise, Johnny insults him.
Michael lunges at Johnny, who retaliates by pulling a gun on him.
After a tense standoff, Michael walks away, and Charlie convinces Johnny that they should leave town for a brief period.
Teresa insists on coming with them.
Charlie borrows a car and they drive off, escaping the neighborhood without incident.
But then a car that had been following them suddenly pulls up alongside, Michael at the wheel and his henchman, Jimmy Shorts (Martin Scorsese), in the backseat.
Jimmy fires several shots at Charlie's car, hitting Johnny in the neck and Charlie in the hand, causing Charlie to crash the car.
The film ends with an ambulance and police arriving at the scene, and paramedics take them away.
<EOS>
The plot of the novel has two distinct movements: the events at Microsoft in Redmond, Washington, and the move to Silicon Valley and the "Oop.
" project.
The novel begins in Redmond as the characters are working on different projects at Microsoft's main campus.
Life at the campus feels like a feudalistic society, with Bill Gates as the lord, and the employees the serfs.
The majority of the main characters—Daniel (the narrator), Susan, Todd, Bug, Michael, and Abe—are living together in a "geek house", and their lives are dedicated to their projects and the company.
Daniel's foundations are shaken when his father, a longtime employee of IBM, is laid off.
The lifespan of a Microsoft coder weighs heavily on Daniel's mind.
The second movement of the novel begins when the characters are offered jobs in Silicon Valley working on a project for Michael, who has by then left Redmond.
All of the housemates—some immediately, some after thought—decide to move to the Valley.
The characters' lives change drastically once they leave the limited sphere of the Microsoft campus and enter the world of "One-Point-Oh".
They begin to work on a project called "Oop.
" (a reference to object-oriented programming).
Oop.
is a Lego-like design program, allowing dynamic creation of many objects, bearing a resemblance to 2009's Minecraft.
(Coupland appears on the rear cover of the novel's hardcover versions photographed in Denmark's Legoland Billund, holding a Lego 777.
)  One of the undercurrents of the plot is Daniel and his family's relationship to Jed, Daniel's younger brother who died in a boating accident while they were children.
<EOS>
ainy night in Edwardian London, opera patrons are waiting under the arches of Covent Garden for cabs.
Eliza Doolittle, a Cockney flower girl, runs into a young man called Freddy.
She admonishes him for spilling her bunches of violets in the mud, but she cheers up after selling one to an older gentleman.
She then flies into an angry outburst when a man copying down her speech is pointed out to her.
The man explains that he studies phonetics and can identify anyone's origin by their accent.
He laments Eliza's dreadful speech, asking why so many English people don't speak properly and explaining his theory that this is what truly separates social classes, rather than looks or money ("Why Can't the English.
").
He declares that in six months he could turn Eliza into a lady by teaching her to speak properly.
The older gentleman introduces himself as Colonel Pickering, a linguist who has studied Indian dialects.
The phoneticist introduces himself as Henry Higgins, and, as they both have always wanted to meet each other, Higgins invites Pickering to stay at his home in London.
He distractedly throws his change into Eliza's basket, and she and her friends wonder what it would be like to live a comfortable, proper life ("Wouldn't It Be Loverly.
").
Plot.
Eliza's father, Alfred Doolittle, and his drinking companions, Harry and Jamie, all dustmen, stop by the next morning.
He is searching for money for a drink, and Eliza shares her profits with him ("With a Little Bit of Luck").
Pickering and Higgins are discussing vowels at Higgins's home when mrs Pearce, the housekeeper, informs Higgins that a young woman with a ghastly accent has come to see him.
It is Eliza, who has come to take speech lessons so she can get a job as an assistant in a florist's shop.
Pickering wagers that Higgins cannot make good on his claim and volunteers to pay for Eliza's lessons.
An intensive makeover of Eliza's speech, manners and dress begins in preparation for her appearance at the Embassy Ball.
Higgins sees himself as a kindhearted, patient man who cannot get along with women ("I'm an Ordinary Man").
To others he appears self-absorbed and misogynistic.
Alfred Doolittle is informed that his daughter has been taken in by Professor Higgins, and considers that he might be able to make a little money from the situation ("With a Little Bit of Luck" [Reprise]).
Doolittle arrives at Higgins's house the next morning, claiming that Higgins is compromising Eliza's virtue.
Higgins is impressed by the man's natural gift for language and brazen lack of moral values.
He and Doolittle agree that Eliza can continue to take lessons and live at Higgins's house if Higgins gives Doolittle five pounds for a spree.
Higgins flippantly recommends Doolittle to an American millionaire who has written to Higgins seeking a lecturer on moral values.
Meanwhile, Eliza endures speech tutoring, endlessly repeating phrases like "In Hertford, Hereford and Hampshire, hurricanes hardly ever happen” (initially, the only "h" she aspirates is in "hever") and "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" (to practice the "long a" phoneme).
Frustrated, she dreams of different ways to kill Higgins, from sickness to drowning to a firing squad ("Just You Wait").
The servants lament the hard "work" Higgins does ("The Servants' Chorus").
Just as they give up, Eliza suddenly recites "The rain in Spain stays mainly in the plain" in perfect upper-class style.
Higgins, Eliza, and Pickering happily dance around Higgins's study ("The Rain in Spain").
Thereafter she speaks with impeccable received pronunciation.
mrs Pearce, the housekeeper, insists that Eliza go to bed; she declares she is too excited to sleep ("I Could Have Danced All Night").
For her first public tryout, Higgins takes Eliza to his mother's box at Ascot Racecourse ("Ascot Gavotte").
Henry's mother reluctantly agrees to help Eliza make conversation, following Henry's advice that Eliza should stick to two subjects: the weather and everybody's health.
Eliza makes a good impression at first with her polite manners but later shocks everyone with her vulgar Cockney attitudes and slang.
She does, however, capture the heart of Freddy Eynsford-Hill, the young man she ran into in the opening scene.
Freddy calls on Eliza that evening, but she refuses to see him.
He declares that he will wait for her as long as necessary in the street outside Higgins's house ("On the Street Where You Live").
Eliza's final test requires her to pass as a lady at the Embassy Ball, and after weeks of preparation, she is ready.
All the ladies and gentlemen at the ball admire her, and the Queen of Transylvania invites her to dance with her son, the prince ("Embassy Waltz").
Eliza then dances with Higgins.
A rival and former student of Higgins, a Hungarian phonetician named Zoltan Karpathy, is employed by the hostess to discover Eliza's origins through her speech.
Though Pickering and his mother caution him not to, Higgins allows Karpathy to dance with Eliza.
The event is revealed to have been a success, with Zoltan Karpathy having concluded that Eliza is "not only Hungarian, but of royal blood.
She is a princess.
" After the ball, Pickering flatters Higgins on his triumph, and Higgins expresses his pleasure that the experiment is now over ("You Did It").
The episode leaves Eliza feeling used and abandoned.
Higgins completely ignores Eliza until he mislays his slippers.
He asks her where they are, and she lashes out at him, leaving the clueless professor mystified by her ingratitude.
When Eliza decides to leave Higgins, he insults her in frustration and storms off.
Eliza cries as she prepares to leave ("Just You Wait" [Reprise]).
She finds Freddy still waiting outside ("On the Street Where You Live" [Reprise]).
He begins to tell her how much he loves her, but she cuts him off, telling him that she has heard enough words; if he really loves her, he should show it ("Show Me").
She and Freddy return to Covent Garden, where her friends do not recognize her with her newly refined bearing ("The Flower Market/Wouldn't It Be Loverly.
" [Reprise]).
By chance, her father is there as well, dressed in a fine suit.
He explains that he received a surprise bequest of four thousand pounds a year from the American millionaire, which has raised him to middle-class respectability, and now must marry Eliza's "stepmother", the woman he has been living with for many years.
Eliza sees that she no longer belongs in Covent Garden, and she and Freddy depart.
Doolittle and his friends have one last spree before the wedding ("Get Me to the Church on Time").
Higgins awakens the next morning to find that, without Eliza, he has tea instead of coffee, and cannot find his own files.
He wonders why she left after the triumph at the ball and concludes that men (especially himself) are far superior to women ("A Hymn to Him").
Pickering, becoming annoyed with Higgins, leaves to stay with his friend at the Home Office.
Higgins seeks his mother's advice and finds Eliza having tea with her.
Higgins's mother leaves Higgins and Eliza together.
Eliza explains that Higgins has always treated her as a flower girl, but she learned to be a lady because Pickering treated her as one.
Higgins claims he treated her the same way that Pickering did because both Higgins and Pickering treat all women alike.
Eliza accuses him of wanting her only to fetch and carry for him, saying that she will marry Freddy because he loves her.
She declares she no longer needs Higgins, saying she was foolish to think she did ("Without You").
Higgins is struck by Eliza's spirit and independence and wants her to stay with him, but she tells him that he will not see her again.
As Higgins walks home, he realizes he's grown attached to Eliza ("I've Grown Accustomed to Her Face").
He cannot bring himself to confess that he loves her, and insists to himself that if she marries Freddy and then comes back to him, he will not accept her.
But he finds it difficult to imagine being alone again.
He reviews the recording he made of the morning Eliza first came to him for lessons.
He hears his own harsh words: "She's so deliciously low.
So horribly dirty.
" Then the phonograph turns off, and a real voice speaks in a Cockney accent: "I washed me face an' 'ands before I come, I did".
It is Eliza, standing in the doorway, tentatively returning to him.
The musical ends on an ambiguous moment of possible reconciliation between teacher and pupil, as Higgins slouches and asks, "Eliza, where the devil are my slippers.
".
<EOS>
The three and a half minute sketch is set in the fictional Green Midget Café in Bromley.
An argument develops between the waitress, who recites a menu in which nearly every item contains Spam (among them, "Lobster Thermidor aux crevettes with a Mornay sauce, garnished with truffle pâté, brandy and a fried egg on top and Spam"), and Mrs Bun, who does not like Spam.
She asks for an item with the Spam removed, much to the amazement of her Spam-loving husband.
The waitress responds to this request with disgust.
At several points, a group of Vikings in the restaurant interrupts conversation by loudly singing "Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spammity Spam, Wonderful Spam".
The irate waitress orders them to shut up, but they resume singing more loudly.
A Hungarian tourist comes to the counter, trying to order by using a wholly inaccurate Hungarian/English phrasebook (a reference to a previous sketch).
He is rapidly escorted away by a police constable.
The sketch abruptly cuts to a historian in a television studio talking about the Vikings.
As he goes on, he inserts the word 'spam' into everything he says (".
and Spam selecting a Spam particular Spam item from the Spam menu, would Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam.
".
), and the backdrop is raised to reveal the restaurant set behind.
The historian joins the Vikings, mr and mrs Bun are lifted by wires out of the scene, and the singing continues.
<EOS>
John Cleese enters the pet shop to register a complaint about the dead Norwegian Blue parrot just as the shopkeeper is preparing to close the establishment for lunch.
Despite being told that the bird is deceased and that it had been nailed to its perch, the proprietor insists that it is "pining for the fjords" or simply "stunned".
As the exasperated Cleese attempts to wake up the parrot, the shopkeeper tries to make the bird move by hitting the cage, and Cleese erupts into a rage after banging "Polly Parrot" on the counter.
After listing off several euphemisms for death ("is no more", "has ceased to be", "bereft of life, it rests in peace", and "this is an ex-parrot") he is told to go to the pet shop run by the shopkeeper's brother in Bolton for a refund.
That proves difficult, however, as the proprietor of that store (who is really the shopkeeper, save for a fake moustache) claims this is Ipswich, whereas the railway station attendant (Terry Jones) claims he is in fact in Bolton after all.
Confronting the shopkeeper's "brother" for lying, the shopkeeper claims he was playing a prank on Cleese by sending him to Ipswich, which was a palindrome for Bolton; Cleese points out that the shopkeeper was wrong because a palindrome for Bolton would have been "Notlob".
Just as Cleese has decided that "this is getting too silly", Graham Chapman's no-nonsense Colonel bursts in and orders the sketch stopped.
<EOS>
This is a recurring sketch always predicated on an unrelated sketch in which one character mentions that they "didn't expect a Spanish Inquisition.
", often in irritation at being questioned by another.
The first appearance of the Spanish Inquisition occurs in a drawing room set in "Jarrow, 1912".
A mill worker (Graham Chapman) enters the room and tells a woman sitting on a couch knitting (Carol Cleveland) that "one of the cross beams has gone out askew on the treadle".
When she says she doesn't know what he's talking about, the mill worker gets defensive and says, "I didn't expect a kind of Spanish Inquisition.
" Then the Inquisition — consisting of Cardinal Ximénez (Michael Palin) and his assistants, Cardinal Biggles (Terry Jones) (who resembles his namesake Biggles wearing a leather aviator's helmet and goggles) and Cardinal Fang (Terry Gilliam) — burst into the room to the sound of a jarring musical sting.
Ximénez shouts, with a particular and high-pitched emphasis on the first word: "NO-body expects the Spanish Inquisition.
"  After entering, Ximénez begins listing their weapons ("fear, surprise, ruthless efficiency"), but interrupts himself as he keeps forgetting to mention additional weapons and has to begin his list over again.
After several attempts, Ximénez states that he'll come in again, and herds the Inquisition back off the set.
The straight man mill worker repeats the cue line, the Inquisition bursts back in (complete with jarring chord), and the introduction is tried anew.
But Ximénez fails again and tries to get Cardinal Biggles to do the introduction, but Biggles is also unsuccessful.
Ximénez decides to forget the introduction and has Cardinal Fang read out charges of heresy against the woman.
The woman pleads innocent, and the cardinals respond with laughter (as an on-screen caption reads "DIABOLICAL LAUGHTER") and threats (as the on-screen caption changes to "DIABOLICAL ACTING").
Ximénez intends to torture the woman with "the rack", but Cardinal Biggles instead produces a dish-drying rack.
This rack is tied to the woman as Biggles pretends to turn a lever, but it has no effect whatsoever.
The Inquisition returns in a later sketch as an older woman (Marjorie Wilde) shares photographs with another woman (Cleveland), who rips them up as they are handed to her.
When the older woman presents a photo of the Spanish Inquisition hiding behind the house, the other woman says, "I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition.
" The three cardinals then reappear and take the older woman away to a dungeon.
Biggles tries to torture the woman by poking her repeatedly with soft cushions.
When this fails, Ximénez orders Fang to get "the comfy chair", which is brought out and the woman placed in it.
Ximénez states that she must stay in the chair "until lunch time with only a cup of coffee at 11", and begins to shout at her to confess - only to have Biggles break down and confess.
This frustrates Ximénez, but he can't complain about it, since he's distracted by a cartoon character from the next scene  At the end of the show, in the "Court Charades" sketch, a judge (Jones) who is also a defendant in an obscenity trial at the Old Bailey is casually sentenced by another judge (Chapman) to be burned at the stake.
The convicted judge responds, "Blimey, I didn't expect the Spanish Inquisition.
" The whole court rises and looks expectantly at the witness entrance door, only for nothing to happen.
As the closing credits of the episode begin, the Inquisitors race out of a house and hop on a double-decker bus to the Old Bailey, all to the tune of "Devil's Galop".
As the Inquisitors ride in the bus, they comment worriedly that they are running out credits (which are seen on screen) and are panicked that the sketch will soon end.
The bus reaches the courthouse and the cardinals charge up the steps of the Old Bailey.
When they finally burst into the courtroom, Ximénez shouts, "NO-body expects the Span-", but is interrupted as the words "THE END" appear on-screen - to which Ximénez concludes, "Oh, bugger".
In the Monty Python Live (Mostly) stage show the sketch ends when Ximénez orders Biggles to "torture" the victim (who is sitting in the comfy chair) by giving her a glass of cold milk from the fridge.
When Biggles opens the door, the Man in the Fridge (Eric Idle) emerges and begins singing the "Galaxy Song" to the victim, while the Inquisition exit through the fridge.
<EOS>
In 932D, King Arthur and his squire, Patsy, travel throughout England searching for men to join the Knights of the Round Table.
Arthur stops at a castle, where the guards ask how Arthur found the coconut halves Patsy uses to simulate the sound of horses galloping.
Arthur leaves after his encounter becomes a discussion about African and European swallows.
Arthur encounters the Black Knight, who will not let them pass.
A sword fight ensues with Arthur gaining the upper hand, but the Black Knight continues fighting despite having his arms and legs severed.
The battle is declared a draw.
The villagers of a small town come to Sir Bedevere the Wise claiming they have captured a witch.
Bedevere puts the woman through a test, and she is revealed to be a witch because she weighs the same as a duck.
Arthur knights Bedevere as a member of his Round Table, and is joined by Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Galahad the Pure, and Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot.
The knights reach Camelot, but following a song-and-dance cutaway, Arthur decides not to enter, because 'tis a silly place".
The group encounters God, who instructs them to seek the Holy Grail.
Their first stop is a French-controlled castle.
One of the soldiers tells the knights that they have a grail, then taunts them with ridiculous insults.
After a failed invasion of the castle with the French soldiers throwing animals at them, the knights try sneaking into the castle in a Trojan Rabbit, but forget to hide inside it.
The rabbit is catapulted at them and crushes one of the knights' servants.
Arthur decides the group should split up to seek the grail.
A modern-day historian, describing the Arthurian legends, is abruptly killed by a knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation.
The knights encounter various perils.
Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights who say Ni.
Sir Robin avoids a fight with the Three-Headed Giant by running away while the heads are arguing.
Sir Galahad is led by a grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, populated by women who wish to perform sexual favours for him, but to Galahad's chagrin, he is rescued by Lancelot.
Sir Lancelot finds a note tied to an arrow, and after reading it assaults a wedding party at Swamp Castle, believing them to be holding a lady against her will.
He discovers that an effeminate prince sent the note.
The knights regroup and are joined by Sirs Gawain, Ector, and Bors, and a group of monks led by Brother Maynard.
They encounter Tim the Enchanter, who points them to caves where the location of the grail is written.
To enter the caves, the group must defeat the Rabbit of Caerbannog.
After the rabbit kills Gawain, Ector and Bors during a failed attack, Brother Maynard provides the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch, which Arthur uses to kill the rabbit.
The knights enter the cave and find an inscription written by Joseph of Arimathea, which states that the Grail can be found in the "Castle of Aaaaargh".
The group is attacked by the Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh, which devours Brother Maynard.
Arthur and his knights escape when the beast's animator suffers a heart attack.
The group travels to the Bridge of Death, where each knight must answer three questions from the bridge-keeper before proceeding.
Lancelot easily answers his questions and crosses the bridge.
Robin is confounded by difficult questions while Galahad gives a wrong answer to an easy question, and both are hurled into a chasm.
Arthur answers the bridge-keeper's question with another question, and the bridge-keeper is thrown into the chasm for not knowing the answer.
Lancelot is separated from Arthur and Bedevere, then arrested by the police investigating the historian's murder.
Arthur and Bedevere travel to the Castle Aaargh, which they find occupied by the French forces that drove them off earlier.
The knights amass a large army and prepare to storm the castle, but just as they begin to charge, the modern police arrive.
Arthur and Bedevere are arrested, and one of the officers covers the lens with his hand as the film breaks in the projector.
<EOS>
In 1982, young Gracie Hart steps into playground fight to beat up a bully threatening a boy she likes.
She goes to help her friend, but he feels humiliated being rescued "by a girl", and she promptly punches him in the nose and leaves to sulk alone.
Years later, Gracie is now a Special Agent for FBI.
During a sting operation against Russian mobsters, she disobeys her superior's orders to save the mob boss from choking, causing one of the other agents to be shot.
She is demoted to a desk job as punishment.
Some time later, the agency learns of a bomb threat at the upcoming 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas by the notorious domestic terrorist known as "The Citizen".
Gracie's partner Eric Matthews is put in charge to stop the threat, but he leans more on Gracie's suggestions for how to proceed, and takes credit for them when they produce promising leads, angering her.
One of Gracie's suggestions is to plant an agent undercover at the event.
Eric determines that most of the other male agents on his team would be too immature and chauvinistic, and suggests Gracie take on that role.
Without knowing who they can trust at the pageant, the agents soon realize the only way this would work would be to have Gracie participate in the show itself, replacing the Miss New Jersey winner who was just discovered as having been in an apparently pornographic movie in the past.
Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling, whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant.
Though initially appalled by the "antifeminist" pageant, she comes to appreciate Victor's methods.
Gracie is entered as "Gracie Lou Freebush", representing her home state of New Jersey.
Though she is scorned by most of the other contestants, Gracie becomes friends with Miss Rhode Island, Cheryl Frasier.
As the competition begins, Gracie impresses the judges with her glass harp skills and self-defense techniques in the talent competition.
Several suspects emerge during the investigation, including the current competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside, her assistant Frank Tobin, the veteran MC Stan Fields, and Cheryl who had a history of being a radical animal rights activist.
Gracie accompanies Cheryl and other contestants as they spend a night partying, where Gracie tries to dig into Cheryl's past, but inadvertently learns from the others that Kathy's past as a pageant contestant is suspect, including how she won after the leading contestant suddenly came down with food poisoning.
Gracie comes to believe Kathy is "The Citizen".
However, when she reports this to Eric the next day, she learns that "The Citizen" had been arrested on an unrelated charge, and because there is no further threat, their supervisor has pulled the mission.
Gracie convinces Eric that she still suspects something is wrong, and he returns to help her continue the investigation against orders.
In the final round, Gracie is stunned when she is awarded the 1st Runner Up prize.
Cheryl is named Miss United States, but as she goes to accept the tiara, Gracie recognizes that Frank, who is actually Kathy's son, impersonated "The Citizen" in making the original bomb threat.
Suspecting foul play, she stops the crowning ceremony in time, as the tiara contained an explosive.
As Kathy and Frank are arrested, Gracie determines that the two wanted to kill the pageant winner on stage as revenge for Kathy's termination from the competition.
As the event closes down and Gracie and Eric prepare to return to headquarters with a newfound interest in each other, the other contestants name Gracie as "Miss Congeniality".
<EOS>
Ishmael travels in December from Manhattan Island to New Bedford with plans to sign up for a whaling voyage.
The inn where he arrives is so crowded, he must share a bed with the tattooed Polynesian Queequeg, a harpooneer whose father was king of the (fictional) island of Rokovoko.
The next morning, Ishmael and Queequeg attend Father Mapple's sermon on Jonah, then head for Nantucket.
Ishmael signs up with the Quaker ship-owners Bildad and Peleg for a voyage on their whaler Pequod.
Peleg describes Captain Ahab: "He's a grand, ungodly, god-like man" who nevertheless "has his humanities".
They hire Queequeg the following morning.
A man named Elijah prophesies a dire fate should Ishmael and Queequeg join Ahab.
While provisions are loaded, shadowy figures board the ship.
On a cold Christmas Day, the Pequod leaves the harbor.
Ishmael discusses cetology (the zoological classification and natural history of the whale), and describes the crew members.
The chief mate is 30-year-old Starbuck, a Nantucket Quaker with a realist mentality, whose harpooneer is Queequeg; second mate is Stubb, from Cape Cod, happy-go-lucky and cheerful, whose harpooneer is Tashtego, a proud, pure-blooded Indian from Gay Head, and the third mate is Flask, from Martha's Vineyard, short, stout, whose harpooneer is Daggoo, a tall African, now a resident of Nantucket.
When Ahab finally appears on the quarterdeck, he announces he is out for revenge on the white whale which took one leg from the knee down and left him with a prosthesis fashioned from a whale's jawbone.
Ahab will give the first man to sight Moby Dick a doubloon, a gold coin, which he nails to the mast.
Starbuck objects that he has not come for vengeance but for profit.
Ahab's purpose exercises a mysterious spell on Ishmael: "Ahab's quenchless feud seemed mine".
Instead of rounding Cape Horn, Ahab heads for the equatorial Pacific Ocean via southern Africa.
One afternoon, as Ishmael and Queequeg are weaving a mat — "its warp seemed necessity, his hand free will, and Queequeg's sword chance" — Tashtego sights a sperm whale.
Immediately, five hidden figures appear whom Ahab has brought as his own boat crew.
Their leader, Fedallah, a Parsee, is Ahab's harpooneer.
The pursuit is unsuccessful.
Southeast of the Cape of Good Hope, the Pequod makes the first of nine sea-encounters, or "gams", with other ships: Ahab hails the Goney (Albatross) to ask whether they have seen the White Whale, but the trumpet through which her captain tries to speak falls into the sea before he can answer.
Ishmael explains that because of Ahab's absorption with Moby Dick, he sails on without the customary "gam", which defines as a "social meeting of two (or more) Whale-ships", in which the two captains remain on one ship and the chief mates on the other.
In the second gam off the Cape of Good Hope, with the Town-Ho, a Nantucket whaler, the concealed story of a "judgment of God" is revealed, but only to the crew: a defiant sailor who struck an oppressive officer is flogged, and when that officer led the chase for Moby Dick, he fell from the boat and was killed by the whale.
Ishmael digresses on pictures of whales, brit (microscopic sea creatures on which whales feed), squid and&nbsp;— after four boats lowered in vain because Daggoo mistook a giant squid for the white whale&nbsp;— whale-lines.
The next day, in the Indian Ocean, Stubb kills a sperm whale, and that night Fleece, the Pequods black cook, prepares him a rare whale steak.
Fleece delivers a sermon to the sharks that fight each other to feast on the whale's carcass, tied to the ship, saying that their nature is to be voracious, but they must overcome it.
The whale is prepared, beheaded, and barrels of oil are tried out.
Standing at the head of the whale, Ahab begs it to speak of the depths of the sea.
The Pequod next encounters the Jeroboam, which not only lost its chief mate to Moby Dick, but also is now plagued by an epidemic.
The whale carcass still lies in the water.
Queequeg mounts it, tied to Ishmael's belt by a monkey-rope as if they were Siamese twins.
Stubb and Flask kill a right whale whose head is fastened to a yardarm opposite the sperm whale's head.
Ishmael compares the two heads in a philosophical way: the right whale is Lockean, stoic, and the sperm whale as Kantean, platonic.
Tashtego cuts into the head of the sperm whale and retrieves buckets of oil.
He falls into the head, and the head falls off the yardarm into the sea.
Queequeg dives after him and frees his mate with his sword.
The Pequod next gams with the Jungfrau from Bremen.
Both ships sight whales simultaneously, with the Pequod winning the contest.
The three harpooneers dart their harpoons, and Flask delivers the mortal strike with a lance.
The carcass sinks, and Queequeg barely manages to escape.
The Pequods next gam is with the French whaler Bouton de Rose, whose crew is ignorant of the ambergris in the gut of the diseased whale in their possession.
Stubb talks them out of it, but Ahab orders him away.
Days later, an encounter with a harpooned whale prompts Pip, a little black cabin-boy from Alabama, to jump out of his whale boat.
The whale must be cut loose, because the line has Pip so entangled in it.
Furious, Stubb orders Pip to stay in the whale boat, but Pip later jumps again, and is left alone in the immense sea and has gone insane by the time he is picked up.
Cooled sperm oil congeals and must be squeezed back into liquid state; blubber is boiled in the try-pots on deck; the warm oil is decanted into casks, and then stowed in the ship.
After the operation, the decks are scrubbed.
The coin hammered to the main mast shows three Andes summits, one with a flame, one with a tower, and one a crowing cock.
Ahab stops to look at the doubloon and interprets the coin as signs of his firmness, volcanic energy, and victory; Starbuck takes the high peaks as evidence of the Trinity; Stubb focuses on the zodiacal arch over the mountains; and Flask sees nothing of any symbolic value at all.
The Manxman mutters in front of the mast, and Pip declines the verb "look".
The Pequod next gams with the Samuel Enderby of London, captained by Boomer, a down-to-earth fellow who lost his right arm to Moby Dick.
Nevertheless, he carries no ill will toward the whale, which he regards not as malicious, but as awkward.
Ahab puts an end to the gam by rushing back to his ship.
The narrator now discusses the subjects of 1) whalers supply; 2) a glen in Tranque in the Arsacides islands full of carved whale bones, fossil whales, whale skeleton measurements; 3) the chance that the magnitude of the whale will diminish and that the leviathan might perish.
Leaving the Samuel Enderby, Ahab wrenches his ivory leg and orders the carpenter to fashion him another.
Starbuck informs Ahab of oil leakage in the hold.
Reluctantly, Ahab orders the harpooneers to inspect the casks.
Queequeg, sweating all day below decks, develops a chill and soon is almost mortally feverish.
The carpenter makes a coffin for Queequeg, who fears an ordinary burial at sea.
Queequeg tries it for size, with Pip sobbing and beating his tambourine, standing by and calling himself a coward while he praises Queequeg for his gameness.
Yet Queequeg suddenly rallies, briefly convalesces, and leaps up, back in good health.
Henceforth, he uses his coffin for a spare seachest, which is later caulked and pitched to replace the Pequods life buoy.
The Pequod sails northeast toward Formosa and into the Pacific Ocean.
Ahab, with one nostril, smells the musk from the Bashee isles, and with the other, the salt of the waters where Moby Dick swims.
Ahab goes to Perth, the blacksmith, with bag of racehorse shoenail stubs to be forged into the shank of a special harpoon, and with his razors for Perth to melt and fashion into a harpoon barb.
Ahab tempers the barb in blood from Queequeg, Tashtego, and Daggoo.
The Pequod gams next with the Bachelor, a Nantucket ship heading home full of sperm oil.
Every now and then, the Pequod lowers for whales with success.
On one of those nights in the whaleboat, Fedallah prophesies that neither hearse nor coffin can be Ahab's, that before he dies, Ahab must see two hearses — one not made by mortal hands and the other made of American wood — that Fedallah will precede his captain in death, and finally that only hemp can kill Ahab.
As the Pequod approaches the Equator, Ahab scolds his quadrant for telling him only where he is and not where he will be.
He dashes it to the deck.
That evening, an impressive typhoon attacks the ship.
Lightning strikes the mast, setting the doubloon and Ahab's harpoon aglow.
Ahab delivers a speech on the spirit of fire, seeing the lightning as a portent of Moby Dick.
Starbuck sees the lightning as a warning, and feels tempted to shoot the sleeping Ahab with a musket.
Next morning, when he finds that the lightning disoriented the compass, Ahab makes a new one out of a lance, a maul, and a sailmaker's needle.
He orders the log be heaved, but the weathered line snaps, leaving the ship with no way to fix its location.
The Pequod is now heading southeast toward Moby Dick.
A man falls overboard from the mast.
The life buoy is thrown, but both sink.
Now Queequeg proposes that his superfluous coffin be used as a new life buoy.
Starbuck orders the carpenter take care it is lidded and caulked.
Next morning, the ship meets in another truncated gam with the Rachel, commanded by Captain Gardiner from Nantucket.
The Rachel is seeking survivors from one of her whaleboats which had gone after Moby Dick.
Among the missing is Gardiner's young son.
Ahab refuses to join the search.
Twenty-four hours a day, Ahab now stands and walks the deck, while Fedallah shadows him.
Suddenly, a sea hawk grabs Ahab's slouched hat and flies off with it.
Next, the Pequod, in a ninth and final gam, meets the Delight, badly damaged and with five of her crew left dead by Moby Dick.
Her captain shouts that the harpoon which can kill the white whale has yet to be forged, but Ahab flourishes his special lance and once more orders the ship forward.
Ahab shares a moment of contemplation with Starbuck.
Ahab speaks about his wife and child, calls himself a fool for spending 40 years on whaling, and claims he can see his own child in Starbuck's eye.
Starbuck tries to persuade Ahab to return to Nantucket to meet both their families, but Ahab simply crosses the deck and stands near Fedallah.
On the first day of the chase, Ahab smells the whale, climbs the mast, and sights Moby Dick.
He claims the doubloon for himself, and orders all boats to lower except for Starbuck's.
The whale bites Ahab's boat in two, tosses the captain out of it, and scatters the crew.
On the second day of the chase, Ahab leaves Starbuck in charge of the Pequod.
Moby Dick smashes the three boats that seek him into splinters and tangles their lines.
Ahab is rescued, but his ivory leg and Fedallah are lost.
Starbuck begs Ahab to desist, but Ahab vows to slay the white whale, even if he would have to dive through the globe itself to get his revenge.
On the third day of the chase, Ahab sights Moby Dick at noon, and sharks appear, as well.
Ahab lowers his boat for a final time, leaving Starbuck again on board.
Moby Dick breaches and destroys two boats.
Fedallah's corpse, still entangled in the fouled lines, is lashed to the whale's back, so Moby Dick turns out to be the hearse Fedallah prophesied.
"Possessed by all the fallen angels", Ahab plants his harpoon in the whale's flank.
Moby Dick smites the whaleboat, tossing its men into the sea.
Only Ishmael is unable to return to the boat.
He is left behind in the sea, and so is the only crewman of the Pequod to survive the final encounter.
The whale now fatally attacks the Pequod.
Ahab then realizes that the destroyed ship is the hearse made of American wood in Fedallah's prophesy.
The whale returns to Ahab, who stabs at him again.
The line loops around Ahab's neck, and as the stricken whale swims away, the captain is drawn with him out of sight.
Queequeg's coffin comes to the surface, the only thing to escape the vortex when Pequod sank.
For an entire day, Ishmael floats on it, and then the Rachel, still looking for its lost seamen, rescues him.
<EOS>
Megatokyo's story begins when Piro and Largo fly to Tokyo after an incident at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3).
Piro has the proper paperwork; Largo must beat the ninja Junpei at a video game to enter.
After a spending spree, the pair are stranded without enough money to buy plane tickets home, forcing them to live with Tsubasa, a Japanese friend of Piro's.
When Tsubasa suddenly departs for America to seek his "first true love", the protagonists are forced out of the apartment.
Tsubasa leaves Ping, a robot girl PlayStation 2 accessory, in their care.
This leads to old friends of Piro and Largo showing up later.
The two are shadow operatives for video game companies, Ed (Sony) and Dom (SEGA).
At one point, Piro, confronted with girl troubles, visits the local bookstore to "research"—look in the vast shelves of shoujo manga for a solution to his problem.
A spunky schoolgirl, Sonoda Yuki, and her friends, Asako and Mami, see him sitting amidst piles of read manga, and ask him what he is doing.
Piro, flustered, runs away, accidentally leaving behind his bookbag and sketchbook.
After their eviction, Piro begins work at "Megagamers", a store specializing in anime, manga, and video games.
His employer allows him and Largo to live in the apartment above the store.
Largo is mistaken for the new English teacher at a local school, where he takes on the alias "Great Teacher Largo" and instructs his students in L33t, video games, and about computers.
Yuki's father, Inspector Sonada Masamichi of the "Tokyo Police Cataclysm Division" (TPCD) hires Largo after Largo manipulates Ping into stopping a rampaging monster, the drunken turtle Gameru.
As Largo is working at the local high school, Piro encounters Yuki again while working at Megagamers, when she returns his bookbag and sketchbook, scribbled all over with comments about his drawings.
She then, to his consternation, asks if he would give her drawing lessons.
Piro, flustered, agrees, and promptly forgets about them.
Earlier in the story, Piro had seen Nanasawa Kimiko at an Anna Miller's restaurant, where she is a waitress, after Tsubasa brought him and Largo there.
Later on, Piro encounters Kimiko outside a train station, where she is worrying aloud that she will miss an audition because she has forgotten her money and railcard.
Piro hands her his own railcard and walks off before she can refuse his offer.
This event causes Kimiko to develop an idealized vision of her benefactor, an image which is shattered the next time they meet.
Despite this, she gradually develops feelings for Piro, though she is too shy to admit them.
Later on in the story, Kimiko's outburst on a radio talk show causes her to suddenly rise to idol status.
Angered by the hosts' derisive comments about fanboys, she comes to the defense of her audience, immediately and unintentionally securing their obsessive adoration.
Later, her new horde of fanboys find out where she works and flock to the restaurant, obsessively trying to get pictures up her skirt.
Piro works undercover as a busboy to get rid of all cameras.
The scene eventually builds to a climax, in which Kimiko shouts at the fanboys and lifts her skirt in defiance, and they take photographs.
Piro, provoked by her outburst into actively defending her, threatens the fanboy crowd, and collects all of their memory cards with the photos.
On the way back from the restaurant, Kimiko is suffering from the aftermath of the scene and lashes out at Piro on the subway, which causes him to walk off.
Meanwhile, Largo develops a relationship with Hayasaka Erika, Piro's coworker at Megagamers.
She and Kimiko share a house.
As with Piro and Kimiko, Largo and Erika meet by coincidence early in the story.
Later, it is revealed that Erika is a former pop idol, who caused a big scene then disappeared from the public eye after her fiancé left her.
When she is rediscovered by her fans, Largo helps thwart a fanboy horde, but not well enough to escape being dismissed by the TPCD for it.
He then offers to help Erika to deal with her "vulnerabilities in the digital plane".
Erika insists on protecting herself, so Largo instructs her in computer-building.
This leads into a little more relationship than Largo can handle, partly because he insists all computer building be done in the nude or as close to it as possible, to avoid static electrical discharge ruining components, and partly because his behavior, crude though it may appear, impresses Erika in many ways.
The enigmatic Tohya Miho frequently meddles in the lives of the protagonists.
Miho knows Piro and Largo from the Endgames MMORPG previous to Megatokyo's plot.
She abused a hidden statistic in the game to gain control of nearly all of the game's player characters, but was ultimately defeated by Piro and Largo.
In the comic, Miho becomes close friends with Ping, influencing Ping's relationship with Piro and pitting Ping against Largo in video game battles.
Miho is also involved in Erika's backstory; Miho manipulated Erika's fans after Erika's disappearance.
This effort ended badly, leaving Miho hospitalized, and the TPCD cleaning up the aftermath.
Most of the exact details of what happened are left to the readers' imagination, as are her current motivations and ultimate goal.
Miho and many of the events surrounding her involve a club in Harajuku, the Cave of Evil (CoE).
After getting yelled at for retaining her waitress job, Kimiko quits her voice acting job and goes home to find Erika assembling a new computer in her undergarments.
Not long after Erika tells Kimiko to strip, Piro comes by, who she tells to get undressed as well.
While Erika and Piro talk about her, Kimiko, who hid when Piro showed up, runs out of the apartment.
Kimiko runs into Ping, who wanted to talk to Piro about why, after an explosion at school, she had started to cry uncontrollably.
They encounter Largo at the store, who explains what went wrong, although no one knows what he means until Piro comes in and translates.
Ping is relieved to know that she won't shut down and Kimiko hugs Piro and apologizes for her actions.
Largo leaves for Erika's apartment after she calls looking for help.
That night, while Piro and Kimiko fall asleep watching TV, Erika, who finished the computer with Largo's help, tries to seduce Largo, but it freaks him out and he runs out for home.
The next morning, after Kimiko departs, Piro finds out she quit her voice acting job and tries to find her.
Kimiko and Miho are in the same diner, to which Ed has sent an attack robot (Kill-Bot) against Miho, since she has disrupted his attempts to destroy Ping.
Miho is in the diner trying to contact Piro, Kimiko is talking with Erika.
Dom is also there to talk with Kimiko.
After rescuing both herself and Kimiko from the Kill-Bot and chaos at the diner, the two talk about things.
Miho talks to Piro on her phone, argues with him, and then Piro and Kimiko have a conversation about that as the two females are leaving the area.
Dom follows and tries to coerce Kimiko into joining SEGA for protection from fans, but she refuses.
Drained, she has Miho finish talking to Piro on the phone.
Piro then encounters a group who found Kimiko's cell phone and other belongings after she and Miho escaped the diner.
The group wants to help Piro get together with Kimiko, partially due to feeling bad for trying to snap a picture up Kimiko's skirt.
Piro and the group set out for a press conference Kimiko is going to for the voice acting project, Sight.
Besides all of the other fans going to the event, a planned zombie outbreak occurs in the area.
Miho, who helped Kimiko get ready for the event and accompanied her to it, later calls the zombies off for unexplained reasons through an unexplained mechanism.
Largo and Yuki, who has since been revealed along the way to be a magical girl like her mother Meimi (likewise revealed), steal a Rent-a-Zilla to fight the zombie outbreak.
Largo leaves Yuki to help Piro get to Kimiko.
Unfortunately, the Rent-a-Zilla gets bitten by zombies and turns into one itself, resulting in the TPCD capturing it.
Yuki protects it from the TPCD, teleports it out of the area, and adopts it as a pet in a miniaturized form, all much to her father's chagrin.
After the event, Erika, Largo, Kimiko and Piro are reunited, and they talk a bit with Miho, who has shown up again after storming out following an argument with Kenji earlier.
Miho declines an offer to eat with the group and wanders off thinking about games and Largo and Piro.
She is shown walking amongst the zombies and then in Ed's gun-sights, and in the center of an attack by a number of Ed's Kill-Bots.
During the next nine days, Piro and Kimiko have made up and Kimiko returned to both of her jobs, with them seeing little of each other.
Largo and Erika are shown to likewise be involved but more often, including going to dinner with the Sonoda family, as the inspector's brother was Erika's fiancé.
Kimiko is attempting to get Piro working as an artist on Sight, which unbeknownst to them is now being funded by Dom.
Ping is concerned about the whereabouts of Miho, who hasn't been seen during the time, but Piro is still upset about all that has happened and somewhat evasively refuses direct assistance.
Ping and Junko, another one of Largo's students, who used to be a friend of Miho, work towards finding Miho.
Yuki and Kobayashi Yutaka then also become involved with the attempt because of this.
That night, Piro and Kimiko discuss Miho and Endgames, which Yuki overhears, they unaware she is there.
This leads Yuki to appropriate Piro's powerless laptop and leave, believing him to still be in love with Miho and that the device might hold clues to finding her.
Kimiko and Piro work on his portfolio for Sight and then they say goodnight and leave.
He returns to his apartment, but Kimiko goes to the CoE club using a pass Miho gave her long ago in the beginning.
Once at the club, Dom mockingly advises her, Yuki unknowingly whisps past her, and she unexpectedly meets up with an old friend Komugiko.
During all this, Piro has left his apartment after looking at his sketchbook and a drawing of Miho.
His current location is unknown.
Aside from Kimiko, concurrent overlapping events have led to almost every main character converging upon the club for various reasons involving Miho, or in support of others involved.
Ed, attempting to destroy Ping, fights with Largo, as the staff of the club have maneuvered Ed and Ping into the protective radius of ex-Idol Erika.
Yuki and Yutaka get Piro's laptop powered on, she reads the old chat logs between Piro and Miho, and follows instructions from her to him.
Going to a "hidden-in-plain-sight" hospital room, she finds Miho alive and well, although seemingly in a weakened state.
During a heated argument and Miho's goading, Yuki then forcibly moves Miho to the club.
Shortly after the arrival of the two in the center of everyone, the bulk of the denizens go into trance-like states while others are fighting or confused about what to do next.
Miho appears to be collapsing.
Upon instructions from Erika, Largo finds then uses his Largo-Phone and the club's sound system to knock out power in the immediate area of the club.
During this event, Piro has gone to visit Miho at the "hospital" room, where he discovers that she is missing.
Following the blackout, Largo, Erika, and Miho board a train, where Miho decides to return home.
However, a large crowd has blocked her path home, apparently waiting for someone's return.
The next morning, Piro has been brought to jail, where he has been interrogated by police about Miho's disappearance.
He is able to leave jail by paying a suspiciously set low bail of about $100 US, which is obtained through a 10,000 yen bill that has been shaped into an origami 'zilla and left in the cell.
Piro walks back home, where he finds Miho sleeping on a beanbag in the apartment.
Piro and Miho then work out some of the confusion between them, which reveals several background events.
She explains the Analogue Support Facility as a sort of safehouse, where she was able to come and go when she wanted.
Since Ping in her extreme attempt to find Miho had posted tons of pictures, videos, and information on the internet, people are now using that to "build a 'real' me", as Miho explains it.
During the process, at one point Kimiko calls from the studio, updating Piro on his artwork and telling him some of how last night she and others found Miho and how crazy it was.
Largo and Erika, who are riding on the roof of a train in the Miyagi prefecture also call during the conversation.
After a short conversation with both Largo and Erika on the phone, and a bit more conversation with Miho, Piro instructs her to stay in the apartment until they can figure out what to do.
Junko and Ping are shown leaving for school, with Junko seeming taking Ed's shotguns from last night with her.
After receiving a phone call from Yutaka, whom Masamichi initially disapproves of, Yuki, who has not changed clothing from the events of the previous chapter, leaves her house, grabs him, and takes him to a rooftop, where they try to explain things after Yutaka was being questioned by Asako and Mami.
She goes over everything, even why she referred to herself as a "monster", which Yuki's friends previously overheard and misunderstood.
Realizing that Miho is the cause of this mess, Yutaka indirectly vows revenge, but Yuki stops him.
Yutaka goes anyway and meets his brother in front of Megagamers, who has tracked Miho to the store since the previous night.
Yutaka's brother is a member of a group of Nanasawa fans who plan to intervene and remind Piro who his true love is to get rid of Miho.
However, Dom's van is blocking the store's entrance.
Though Yuki protests against intervention to the group, Dom, who is unknown to them, performs his own method of intervention anyways and forces Piro to choose between Nanasawa and Miho.
It is currently unknown if Dom knows who Miho is, but Miho, in a disguise, overhears the conversation and forces Piro to briefly wear a hat.
At the same time, Yuki, deciding that she can wait no longer, steals Dom's van and guns, and rushes into the store with Yutaka in tow.
Seeing this, Miho grabs Piro and rushes upstairs, discarding the hat in the process.
Yuki subsequently collides with the hat and a presumed explosion occurs, stalling Yuki and Yutaka.
Miho and Piro don cosplay outfits as a disguise, escape, and make their way to the local bath house.
Just before Yuki grabs Yutaka again, Dom, now trapped under a pile of rubble, expresses his condolences to Yutaka, to which he does not understand.
The pair quickly follow Miho and Piro and await for them to leave the bath house.
<EOS>
Set in a fictional universe in the year 2079 (Universal Century year 0079 according to the Gundam Calendar), the Principality of Zeon has declared independence from the Earth Federation, and subsequently launched a war of independence called the One Year War.
The conflict has directly affected every continent on Earth, also nearly every space colony and lunar settlement.
Zeon, though smaller, has the tactical upper hand through their use of a new type of humanoid weapons called mobile suits.
After half of all humanity perishes in the conflict, the war settled into a bitter stalemate lasting over 8 months.
The story begins with a newly deployed Federation warship, the White Base, arriving at the secret research base located at the Side 7 colony to pick up the Federation's newest weapon.
However, they are closely followed by Zeon forces.
A Zeon reconnaissance team member disobeys mission orders and attacks the colony, killing most of the Federation crew and civilians in the process.
Out of desperation, citizen boy Amuro Ray accidentally finds the Federation's new arsenal—the RX-78 Gundam, and neutralizes the situation.
Scrambling everything they can, the White Base sets out with her newly formed crew of civilian recruits and refugees in her journey to survive.
On their journey, the White Base members often encounter the Zeon Lieutenant Commander Char Aznable.
Although Char antagonizes Amuro in battle, he takes advantage of their position as Federation members to have them kill members from Zeon's Zabi family as part of his revenge scheme.
Amuro also meets ensign Lalah Sune with whom he falls in love, but accidentally kills when facing Char.
When the Federation Forces invade the Fortress of A Baoa Qu to defeat the Zeon forces, Amuro engages on a final one-on-one duel against Char due to their shared hatred for Lalah's death.
Having realized he forgot his true enemy, Char stops fighting to kill the last surviving Zabi member, Kycilia Zabi.
Amuro then reunites with his comrades as the war reaches its end.
<EOS>
In 1757, Moonfleet is a small village near the sea in the south of England.
It gets its name from a formerly prominent local family, the Mohunes, whose coat of arms includes a symbol shaped like a capital 'Y'.
John Trenchard is an orphan who lives with his aunt, Miss Arnold.
Other notable residents are the sexton Mr Ratsey, who is friendly to John; Parson Glennie, the local clergyman who also teaches in the village school; Elzevir Block, the landlord of the local inn, called the Mohune Arms but nicknamed the Why Not.
because of its sign with the Mohune 'Y'; and Mr Maskew, the unpopular local magistrate and his beautiful daughter, Grace.
Village legend tells of the notorious Colonel John "Blackbeard" Mohune who is buried in the family crypt under the church.
He is reputed to have stolen a diamond from King Charles I and hidden it.
His ghost is said to wander at night looking for it and the mysterious lights in the churchyard are attributed to his activities.
As the main part of the story opens, Block's youthful son, David, has just been killed by Maskew during a raid by the Maskew and other authorities on a smuggling boat.
One night a bad storm hits the village and there is a flood.
While attending the Sunday service at church, John hears strange sounds from the crypt below.
He thinks it is the sound of the coffins of the Mohune family.
The next day, he finds Elzevir and Ratsey against the south wall of the church.
They claim to be checking for damage from the storm, but John suspects they are searching for Blackbeard's ghost.
Later John finds a large sinkhole has opened in the ground by a grave.
He follows the passage and finds himself in the crypt with coffins on shelves and casks on the floor.
He realises his friends are smugglers and this is their hiding place.
He has to hide behind a coffin when he hears Ratsey and Elzevir coming.
When they leave, they fill in the hole, inadvertently trapping him.
John finds a locket in a coffin which holds a piece of paper with verses from the Bible.
John eventually passes out after drinking too much of the wine while trying to quench his thirst, having not eaten or drunk for days.
Later he wakes up in the Why Not.
inn - he has been rescued by Elzevir and Ratsey.
When he is better, he returns to his aunt's house, but she, suspecting him of drunken behaviour, throws him out.
Fortunately, Elzevir takes him in.
But when Block's lease on the Why Not.
comes up for renewal, Maskew bids against him in the auction and wins.
Block must leave the inn and Moonfleet but plans one last smuggling venture.
John feels honour-bound to go with him, and sadly, says goodbye to Grace Maskew, whom he loves and has been seeing in secret, and gets his mother's prayer book as a good luck charm.
The excisemen and Maskew are aware of the planned smuggling run but do not know exactly where it will occur.
During the landing Maskew appears and is caught by the smugglers.
Elzevir is bent on vengeance for his son by killing Maskew, and while the rest land the cargo and leave, he and John keep watch over Maskew.
Just as Block prepares to shoot Maskew the excisemen attack.
They wound John and unintentionally kill Maskew.
Block carries John away to safety and they hide in some old quarries.
While there, John inadvertently finds out that the verses from Blackbeard's locket contain a code that will reveal the location of his famous diamond.
Once John's wound heals, he and Block decide to recover the diamond from Carisbrooke Castle.
After a suspenseful scene in the well where the jewel is hidden, they succeed in escaping to Holland where they try to sell it to a Jewish diamond merchant named Crispin Aldobrand.
The merchant cheats them, claiming the diamond is fake.
Elzevir falls for the deceit and angrily throws the diamond out of the window.
John, however, knows they have been duped, and suggests they try to recover the diamond through burglary.
The attempt fails and, they are arrested and sentenced to prison.
John curses the merchant for his lies.
John and Elzevir go to prison for life.
Eventually they are separated.
Then, unexpectedly, ten years later, their paths cross again.
They are being transported, and board a ship.
A storm blows up, and by a strong coincidence, the ship is wrecked upon Moonfleet beach.
While trying to reach the beach Elzevir helps John to safety, but is himself dragged under by the surf and drowned.
John arrives where he originally started, in the Why Not.
, and is reunited with Ratsey.
He is also reunited with Grace.
She is now a rich young lady, having inherited her father's money.
However, she is still in love with John.
John tells her about the diamond and his life in prison.
He regrets having lost everything, but she says, rich or not, she loves him.
Then Parson Glennie visits and reveals he had received a letter from Aldobrand.
The merchant, suffering a guilty conscience and in an attempt to make amends, had bequeathed the worth of the diamond to John.
John gives the money to the village, and new almshouses are built, and the school and the church renovated.
John marries Grace and becomes Lord of the Manor and Justice of the Peace.
They have three children, including their first-born son, Elzevir.
They grow up and the sons go away to "serve King George on sea and land" and their daughter, too it seems, has married away.
But John and Grace themselves do not leave their beloved Moonfleet ever again.
A feature of the narrative is a continuing reference to the boardgame of backgammon which is played by the patrons of the Why Not.
on an antique board which bears a Latin inscription Ita in vita ut in lusu alae pessima jactura arte corrigenda est (translated in the book as As in life, so in a game of hazard, skill will make something of the worst of throws).
<EOS>
In 1958 Japan, university professor Tatsuo Kusakabe and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei, move into an old house to be closer to the hospital where the girls' mother, Yasuko, is recovering from a long-term illness.
Satsuki and Mei find that the house is inhabited by tiny animated dust creatures called susuwatari –- small, dark, dust-like house spirits seen when moving from light to dark places.
When the girls become comfortable in their new house and laugh with their father, the soot spirits leave the house to drift away on the wind.
It is implied that they are going to find another empty house –- their natural habitat.
One day, Mei sees two white, rabbit-like ears in the grass and follows the ears under the house.
She discovers two small spirits who lead her through a briar patch and into the hollow of a large camphor tree.
She meets and befriends a larger version of the same kind of spirit, which identifies itself by a series of roars that she interprets as "Totoro".
She falls asleep atop the large totoro, but when Satsuki finds her, she is on the ground in a dense briar clearing.
Despite her many attempts, Mei is unable to show her family Totoro's tree.
Her father comforts her by telling her that this is the "keeper of the forest," and that Totoro will reveal himself when he wants to.
One rainy night, the girls are waiting for their father's bus and grow worried when he doesn't arrive on the bus they expect him on.
As they wait, Mei eventually falls asleep on Satsuki's back and Totoro appears beside them, allowing Satsuki to see him for the first time.
He only has a leaf on his head for protection against the rain, so Satsuki offers him the umbrella she had taken along for her father.
Totoro is delighted at both the shelter and the sounds made upon it by falling raindrops.
In return, he gives her a bundle of nuts and seeds.
A bus-shaped giant cat halts at the stop, and Totoro boards it, taking the umbrella.
Shortly after, their father's bus arrives.
The girls plant the seeds.
A few days later, they awaken at midnight to find Totoro and his two miniature colleagues engaged in a ceremonial dance around the planted nuts and seeds.
The girls join in, whereupon the seeds sprout, and then grow and combine into an enormous tree.
Totoro takes his colleagues and the girls for a ride on a magical flying top.
In the morning, the tree is gone, but the seeds have indeed sprouted; it is left unclear whether or not the girls were dreaming.
The girls find out that a planned visit by Yasuko has to be postponed because of a setback in her treatment.
Satsuki, disappointed and worried, tells Mei the bad news, which Mei doesn't take well.
This leads into an argument between the two, ending in Satsuki angrily yelling at Mei and stomping off.
Mei decides to walk to the hospital to bring some fresh corn to her mother.
Mei's disappearance prompts Satsuki and the neighbors to search for her.
Eventually, Satsuki returns in desperation to the camphor tree and pleads for Totoro's help.
Delighted to be of assistance, he summons the Catbus, which carries her to where the lost Mei sits.
Having rescued her, the Catbus then whisks her and Satsuki over the countryside to see their mother in the hospital.
The girls perch in a tree outside of the hospital, overhearing a conversation between their parents and discovering that she has been kept in hospital by a minor cold, but is otherwise doing well.
They secretly leave the ear of corn on the windowsill, where it is discovered by the parents, and return home on the Catbus.
When the Catbus departs, it disappears from the girls' sight.
In the end credits, Mei and Satsuki's mother returns home, and the sisters play with other children, with Totoro and his friends as unseen observers.
<EOS>
A dark-haired woman is the sole survivor of a car accident on Mulholland Drive, a winding road high in the Hollywood Hills.
Injured and in shock, she makes her way down into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment.
Later that morning, an aspiring actress named Betty Elms arrives at the apartment, which is normally occupied by her aunt.
Betty is startled to find the woman, who has amnesia and assumes the name "Rita" after seeing a poster for the film Gilda starring Rita Hayworth.
To help the woman remember her identity, Betty looks in Rita's purse, where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key.
At a diner called Winkie's, a man tells his companion about a nightmare in which he dreamt there was a horrible figure behind the diner.
When they investigate, the figure appears, causing the man with the nightmare to collapse in fright.
Elsewhere, director Adam Kesher has his film commandeered by mobsters, who insist that he cast an unknown actress named Camilla Rhodes as the lead in his film.
Kesher resists, but after being thrown out of his house when he finds his wife cheating on him, he learns that his bank has closed his line of credit and he is broke.
He agrees to meet a mysterious figure called The Cowboy, who urges him to cast Camilla Rhodes for his own good.
Later, a bungling hit man attempts to steal a book full of phone numbers and leaves three people dead.
While trying to learn more about Rita's accident, Betty and Rita go to Winkie's and are served by a waitress named Diane, which causes Rita to remember the name "Diane Selwyn".
They find Diane Selwyn in the phone book and call her, but she does not answer.
Betty goes to an audition, where her performance is highly praised.
A casting agent takes her to a soundstage where a film called The Sylvia North Story, directed by Kesher, is being cast.
When Camilla Rhodes auditions, Kesher capitulates to casting her.
Betty locks eyes with Adam, but she flees before she can meet him, saying that she is late to meet a friend.
Betty and Rita go to Diane Selwyn's apartment and break in when no one answers the door.
In the bedroom they find the body of a woman who has been dead for several days.
Terrified, they return to their apartment, where Rita disguises herself with a blonde wig.
She and Betty have sex that night.
At 2m, Rita insists that they go to a theater called Club Silencio.
The emcee explains in several languages that everything is an illusion; Rebekah Del Rio comes on stage and begins singing the Roy Orbison song "Crying" in Spanish, then collapses, while her vocals continue – the performance was a recording.
Betty finds a blue box in her purse that matches Rita's key.
Upon returning to the apartment, Rita retrieves the key and finds that Betty has disappeared.
Rita unlocks the box, and it falls to the floor with a thump.
Diane Selwyn wakes up in her bed in the same apartment that Betty and Rita investigated.
She looks exactly like Betty, but is a failed actress driven into a deep depression by her failed affair with Camilla Rhodes, who looks exactly like Rita.
On Camilla's invitation, Diane attends a party at Adam's house on Mulholland Drive.
At dinner, Diane states that she came to Hollywood when her aunt died, and met Camilla at an audition for The Sylvia North Story.
Another woman kisses Camilla, and they turn and smile at Diane.
Adam and Camilla prepare to make an important announcement, and dissolve into laughter and then kiss while Diane watches, crying.
In her apartment, Diane finds a blue key on her coffee table—a key that the hit man had told her she would find when he had finished killing Camilla for her.
Distraught, she is terrorized by hallucinations.
She runs screaming to her bed, where she shoots herself.
A woman at the club whispers "Silencio".
<EOS>
Although most of the gameplay reflects a distinctly fantasy genre, the overarching plot of the first nine games has something of a science fiction background.
The series is set in a fictional galaxy as part of an alternative universe, where planets are overseen by a powerful race of space travelers known as Ancients.
In each of the games, a party of characters fights monsters and completes quests on one of these planets, until they eventually become involved in the affairs of the Ancients.
Van Caneghem has stated in interview that the Might and Magic setting is inspired by his love for both science fiction and fantasy.
He cites The Twilight Zone and the Star Trek episode For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky as having inspired Might and Magic lore.
The first five games in the series concern the renegade guardian of the planet Terra, named Sheltem, who becomes irrevocably corrupted, developing a penchant for throwing planets into their suns.
Sheltem establishes himself on a series of flat worlds known as nacelles (which are implied to be giant spaceships) and Corak, a second guardian and creation of the Ancients, with the assistance of the player characters, pursues him across the Void.
Eventually both Corak and Sheltem are destroyed in a climactic battle on the nacelle of Xeen.
The sixth, seventh and eighth games take place on Enroth, a single planet partially ruled by the Ironfist dynasty, and chronicle the events and aftermath of an invasion by the Kreegan (colloquially referred to as Devils), the demonlike arch-enemies of the Ancients.
It is also revealed that the destruction wrought by the Ancients' wars with the Kreegan is the reason why the worlds of Might & Magic exist as medieval fantasy settings despite once being seeded with futuristic technology – the worlds have been 'cut off' from the Ancients and descended into barbarism.
The first through third games in the Heroes of Might and Magic series traces the fortunes of the Ironfists in more detail.
None of the science fiction elements appear in the Heroes series besides the appearance of Kreegan characters in Heroes of Might and Magic III.
The Ubisoft release Might & Magic X: Legacy departs from this continuity and is set in the world of Ashan.
Ashan is a high fantasy setting with no place for science fiction elements in its lore.
<EOS>
The eponymous theatre troupe is rehearsing the title song with hopes of finding success through being picked up for a syndicated television show.
Heidi (a hippopotamus), the star of the show, is insulted by pornographic director Trevor (a rat) and complains to her boss and lover, Bletch (a walrus), who is actually in an adulterous relationship with Samantha (a cat).
Meanwhile, Robert (a hedgehog), the newest member of the team, arrives at the theatre and immediately falls in love with another newcomer, Lucille (a poodle).
Samantha confronts Heidi, insults her, and reveals her relationship with Bletch.
Robert confesses his love to Lucille, and the two become engaged.
Sid (an elephant) receives a visit from his ex-wife Sandy (a chicken) with his alleged son Seymour (an improbable-looking elephant/chicken hybrid).
Sandy informs him she will be preparing a paternity case against him.
At the toilet, the second most important star of the show, Harry (a hare), is suffering from a mystery disease.
Meanwhile, drug-addicted knife thrower Wynyard (a frog) tells Robert his story of Vietnam, and convinces Robert to give him $50 to buy drugs from Trevor.
After seeing Trevor's latest porno film, Bletch decides they need a new porn star, and Trevor chooses Lucille; he drugs her and tries to rape her as an audition but is caught by Robert.
When he walks in on the scene Robert thinks that Lucille was drinking and throwing herself at Trevor, and tells her he never wants to see her again.
After a good beginning – the Feebles sign with a TV chain to appear in a prime-time television show – Bletch confesses to Heidi that he actually hates her and wants to give the main role to Samantha.
After trying unsuccessfully to attempt suicide, Heidi goes on a shooting spree and kills many of the cast.
t Heidi runs to Bletch after being insulted by Trevor.
Bletch is having sex with Samantha, but hides the tryst.
Although Bletch is physically disgusted by Heidi, he insincerely comforts her since he needs her talent on the show.
Sub-plots.
Later Samantha insults Heidi, claiming Bletch really wants Samantha.
Distraught, Heidi drowns her sorrows in an entire chocolate cake, as she reminisces about her past romance with Bletch in a black-and-white flashback to her days as a lounge singer.
Belching caused by the cake causes Heidi to lay waste to the set during the rehearsal of a feature number; Sebastian (a fox) then lambasts her.
Heidi rushes to Bletch for emotional affirmation, but he is unable to spare her the sight of Samantha performing oral sex on him.
Heidi locks herself in her room and refuses to perform, but relents after Bletch has make-up sex with her.
Heidi's performance helps secure the Feebles a syndicated series.
Shortly afterwards, Heidi attempts to seduce Bletch in his office, but Bletch completely disowns her since Samantha is now to be the star of the show.
Unfortunately, Bletch is unaware of Heidi's extremely fragile mental state.
Robert shows up for his first day as a cast member, and is accosted byW.
(a fly), who tries to corrupt Robert into informing on the cast.
Arthur (a worm) rescues Robert and shows him around, where Robert sees Lucille for the first time.
Although he is romantically terrified of her at first, he later summons up enough courage to ask her out and they fall in love.
Later Trevor drugs Lucille to manipulate her into performing in his pornographic films.
Robert walks in on the drugging, but misinterprets it as Lucille's decision, and disowns her for being a drunk.
They make up later after Robert saves her from Heidi's crazed gun rampage, and they eventually get married and have two children.
Dennis (an aardvark) is shown peeping on Harry in a threesome with two female rabbits.
Harry feels physically ill after this episode and is accosted byW, who assumes he has a sexually transmittable disease (STD) and wants to publish the scandal.
dr Quack (a duck) diagnoses Harry with "The Big One"W.
publishes the scandal in a local tabloid – to the dismay of Bletch, who presumably wants to avoid negative press on the cast.
Trevor luresW.
into the bathroom, where Bletch tears his wings off and flushesW.
down the toilet.
After vomiting all over the stage in the live performance, Harry finally learns that he only has 'bunny pox'.
Unfortunately, while rejoicing in the news that "The Big One" will not cause his death, Harry's head is blown apart by a gunshot during Heidi's rampage.
Trevor is shooting a porn film in the basement with the Masked Masochist (a weta) and Madam Bovine (a cow).
They are interrupted by Robert, who mistakes the scene for torture and tries to save Bovine, who in turn accidentally crushes the Masked Masochist, suffocating him.
Trevor later replaces him with Dennis (who has a snout resembling male genitalia) to perform 'nasal sex' on Bovine.
Trevor is approached by a sniveling Wynyard looking for his fix, but the drugs have not yet been delivered.
Bletch is later shown on a golf course consummating a deal with Cedric (a warthog).
However, after testing on Dennis, the drugs provided by Cedric turn out to be household borax, infuriating Bletch.
Cedric's agent Louie (a dog) is literally liquefied after being force-fed some of the borax by Bletch's henchmen.
Bletch and his cronies venture to the docklands to fight Cedric and his crab-crewmen.
Bletch's side prevails after killing Cedric and the crabs, maneuvering past a huge spider, and driving through the insides of Cedric's boss mr Big (a whale).
However, the spider eats the head of Barry (a bulldog).
When the drugs finally arrive at the theatre, Wynyard is finally able to get his fix, which puts him into a stupor.
While the cast performs an opera number, Sebastian lambasts Robert for not failing his part as an extra on the stage.
As punishment, he assigns Robert the task of replacing Wynyard's assistant, who has just been killed by Wynyard's knife throwing while going through drug withdrawal.
Wynyard guilt-trips Robert into giving him money for drugs, after telling him a horror story about his time in Vietnam (shown as a flashback parodying The Deer Hunter).
He eventually gets his fix from Trevor and injects himself into a deep slumber.
The acts gradually disintegrate – Heidi nearly destroys the set by botching a swing, Abi the Indian mystic (a humanoid) incapacitates himself by contorting himself into a ball, and Sid's tribble-like pets are crushed by a barrel.
Seeing his show in shambles, Sebastian tries to convince Bletch to feature his personal performance, the sexually explicit number 'Sodomy' (which he claims to have done before).
This is summarily rejected by Bletch, who physically throws Sebastian out of his office who curses Bletch for his inaction.
Sebastian later decides to use the number anyway when the situation gets worse and performs it in front of the silent and unamused live audience, much to Bletch's horror (who then schemes to have him eliminated when he gets the chance).
Sandy accuses Sid of being the father of their chicken-elephant child, to his dismay and denial.
During the live show, Sandy again accosts Sid on stage with the paternity suit, declaring she wants everyone to know.
During a later tragic crossfire scene, Sid braves the crazed Heidi's automatic fire to save his son.
His heroism costs the elephant two bloody knee wounds, and he accidentally crushes Sandy's shot-off head (when she demanded the crazed Heidi to shoot Sid, but was shot by Heidi instead) after it squawks out one final invective.
While the live show is proceeding elsewhere, Heidi attempts suicide by hanging, but her weight breaks the chandelier from the ceiling and she falls through the floor.
She makes her way to Bletch's machine gun and tries to kill herself, but at the last moment, Samantha shows up and taunts her.
Heidi, fed up with the cat's taunting and meddling with her life, drops all thoughts of suicide and responds by killing Samantha with the gun.
Meanwhile, Wynyard, in a drugged stupor, tries to kill Robert before accidentally killing himself with his own knife (and the cheering audience not knowing it is real).
Sebastian does his "Sodomy" number before getting injured by a prop, while Heidi rampages over the entire set on a killing spree (even shooting down any cameras near her).
She finally finds Bletch and pumps many rounds into him as well.
Bletch lies to Heidi about loving her having regret for all his actions, which distracts and brings her back to her senses and into dropping her gun and defenses before he then orders Trevor to kill her.
Trevor fires at Heidi and grazes her shoulder, but he then prepares to deal the finishing shot.
However, Robert swings in just in the nick of time to kick Trevor, giving Heidi the chance to get her gun back first and shreds the rat.
Heidi then literally blows Bletch's brain out when he tries to escape.
Realizing that she killed her love and ruined her career, she gives up her gun (promising to turn herself over to the authorities) and sadly sings "Garden of Love", leading into the epilogue and the credits.
The epilogue reveals the fates of only six survivors: Sid gets extensive repair on his kneecaps after being shot by Heidi and works in an orchard as a struggling horticulturist with Seymour.
Arthur received an OBE for his lifelong service at the theater and retires to the country.
Sebastian recovers from his injuries and achieved worldwide fame for his best seller The Feeble Variety Massacre: One Man's Act of Heroism.
and is negotiating film rights.
Robert, now an award-winning fashion photographer for a women's magazine, and Lucille are married with two children.
Finally, Heidi, whose spree resulted in her imprisonment in a women's penitentiary for ten years (implying that, although released in 1989, the film's events occurred in the 1970s), has been rehabilitated under the community and now works under a new identity on the check-out counter of a large supermarket.
<EOS>
The documentary follows the lives of an Inuk, Nanook, and his family as they travel, search for food, and trade in the Ungava Peninsula of northern Quebec, Canada.
Nanook; his wife, Nyla; and their family are introduced as fearless heroes who endure rigors "no other race" could survive.
The audience sees Nanook, often with his family, hunt a walrus, build an igloo, go about his day, and perform other tasks.
<EOS>
Mickey Knox and his wife Mallory stop at a roadside café in the New Mexico desert.
A group of rednecks arrive and one begins sexually harassing Mallory.
She briefly encourages him before beating him to a pulp.
Mickey and Mallory then murder all but one of the diner's patrons, culminating in a morbid game of Eeny, meeny, miny, moe to decide who lives and dies.
After executing the waitress Mabel, the couple ensures that the only survivor remembers their names before they embrace and declare their undying love.
Mickey and Mallory camp out in the desert, and Mallory reminisces about when they first met.
A flashback (done in the style of a TV sitcom, including a laughtrack) shows Mickey as a deliveryman who came to the house where Mallory lived with her sexually abusive father, her neglectful mother, and her younger brother, Kevin.
Mickey and Mallory fall in love instantly and leave together, as Mickey steals a car that belongs to Mallory's father.
Soon Mickey is arrested and imprisoned for auto theft, but he subsequently escapes from a prison work farm during a tornado and returns to Mallory's house.
The two kill Mallory's parents, but spare Kevin, and go on the road together and get "married" on the side of a bridge, celebrating by taking a hostage.
Furious with Mickey's notion that they have a threesome, Mallory drives to a nearby gas station, where she flirts with the mechanic.
They begin to have sex on the hood of a car, but Mallory kills him when he recognizes her as a wanted killer.
During this time, Mickey rapes the hostage.
The pair continue their killing spree, ultimately claiming fifty-two victims in New Mexico, Arizona, and Nevada.
Pursuing them is Detective Jack Scagnetti, who became obsessed with mass murderers after witnessing his mother being shot and killed by Charles Whitman when he was eight.
Beneath his heroic facade, he is a violent psychopath, once strangling a prostitute to death.
The killers are also followed by self-serving tabloid journalist Wayne Gale.
Gale profiles Mickey and Mallory on his show, American Maniacs, soon elevating them to cult hero status.
Mickey and Mallory become lost in the desert and encounter Warren Red Cloud, a Navajo Indian, and his young grandson.
After the two fall asleep, the Navajo, hoping to expel the demon he perceives in Mickey, begins chanting beside the fire, invoking nightmares in Mickey about his abusive parents.
Mickey wakes up in a rage and fatally shoots Red Cloud before he realizes what he is doing.
It is the first time Mallory and Mickey feel guilty for a murder.
Fleeing from the scene through the desert, they stray onto a field of rattlesnakes and are both bitten.
They drive to a drugstore to find snakebite antidote, but the pharmacist sets off the silent alarm before Mickey kills him.
Soon police cars arrive and Mallory is captured and subsequently beaten by the police.
A gunfight breaks out between Mickey and the others.
Scagnetti arrives and tells Mickey that unless he surrenders, he will cut off Mallory's breasts.
Mickey gives up his guns, but attacks Scagnetti with a knife.
The police taser him and the scene ends with Mickey and Mallory being beaten by a group of vengeful policemen as a Japanese news crew fronted by a female reporter films the action.
The story picks up one year later: the homicidal couple have been imprisoned, and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane.
Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky, with whom he plans to murder the two criminals.
McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knoxes' transfer.
Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will murder them, then claim that they tried to escape.
Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview that will air immediately after the Super Bowl.
Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital.
During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer".
His words inspire the other inmates (who are watching the interview on TV in the recreation room) and incite them to riot.
McClusky, upon learning of the riot, orders the interview terminated despite Gale's vehement protests.
Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards.
Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun.
He kills most of the guards with it and takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot.
Gale follows, giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him.
Scagnetti enters Mallory's cell and attempts to seduce her.
Mallory, feigning to reciprocate at first, rebuffs his efforts, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose, before two guards subdue her, and Scagnetti sprays her face with tear gas in revenge.
Still live on national television, Mickey arrives at Mallory's cell, where he kills all the guards and engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession.
Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank.
To Scagnetti's horror, Mickey tells him that he was out of shotgun shells during the standoff.
Mallory then picks up Scagnetti's gun and kills him.
Mickey and Mallory continue to escape through the riot torn prison, with Gale's entire TV crew getting killed.
Gale himself snaps, succumbing to Stockholm syndrome as well as indulging in his own longtime fascination for murder, and begins to shoot at the guards with a pistol that he has taken from one of the dead guards, but gets so frenzied that Mickey prefers to disarm him.
After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft, the trio of Mickey, Mallory, and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards.
The trio takes cover in a blood-splattered shower room.
McClusky threatens to storm the shower room; Mickey, in turn, threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV, and the prisoners walk out the front door, to McClusky's utter dismay, as he helplessly threatens to hunt them down.
McClusky and his guards are then quickly massacred by hordes of inmates.
Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard; Owen's fate is unknown.
Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Gale, whose ear they have seemingly removed (implied, but as a camera track reveals), before they tell him he must die also.
He attempts various arguments to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor; Mickey informs him they are leaving a witness to tell the tale, his camera.
Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if on a cross as they shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll.
The couple is shown several years later, in an RV, with Mickey driving and a pregnant Mallory watching their two children play.
<EOS>
Every night, all human dreams are played out in Nightopia and Nightmare, the two parts of the dream world.
In Nightopia, distinct aspects of dreamers' personalities are represented by luminous coloured spheres known as "Ideya".
The evil ruler of Nightmare, Wizeman the Wicked, is stealing this dream energy from sleeping visitors in order to gather power and take control of Nightopia and eventually the real world.
To achieve this, he creates five beings called "Nightmaren": jester-like, flight-capable beings, which include Jackle, Clawz, Gulpo, Gillwing and Puffy as well as many minor maren.
He also creates two "Level One" Nightmaren: Nights and Reala.
However, Nights rebels against Wizeman's plans, and is punished by being imprisoned inside an Ideya palace, a gazebo-like container for dreamers' Ideya.
One day, Elliot Edwards and Claris Sinclair, two teenagers from the city of Twin Seeds, go through failures.
Elliot is a basketball player who enjoys a game with his friends.
He is challenged by a group of older school students and suffers a humiliating defeat on the court.
Claris is a talented singer and her ambition is to perform on stage.
She auditions for a part in the events commemorating the centenary of the city of Twin Seeds.
Standing in front of the judges, she is overcome by stage fright and does not perform well, which causes her to lose all hopes of getting the role.
When they go to sleep that night, both Elliot and Claris suffer nightmares that replay the events.
They escape into Nightopia and find that they both possess the rare Red Ideya of Courage, the only type that Wizeman cannot steal.
Once in Nightopia, they discover and release Nights, who tells them about dreams and Wizeman and his plans; the three begin a journey to stop Wizeman and restore peace to Nightopia.
When they defeat Wizeman and Reala, peace is returned to Nightopia and the world of Nightmare is suppressed.
The next day, back in Twin Seeds, a centenary ceremony begins.
Elliot is seen walking through the parade until he has a vision of Nights looking at him through a billboard.
Realizing that Claris is performing in a hall, Elliot runs through the crowd and sees Claris on stage in front of a large audience, singing well.
The two look at each other, and are transitioned to a spring valley in Nightopia, which leaves ambiguity as to whether what they achieved was real or just a dream.
<EOS>
Osama bin Laden held Hazmi and Mihdhar in high respect, with their experience fighting during the 1990s in Bosnia and elsewhere.
Al-Qaeda later referred to Hazmi as Mihdhar's "Second-in-command".
When Bin Laden committed to the "planes operation" plot in spring 1999, he personally selected Hazmi and Mihdhar to be involved in the plot as pilot hijackers.
In addition to Hazmi and Mihdhar, two Yemenis were selected for a southeast Asia component of the plot, which was later scrapped for being too difficult to coordinate with the operations in the United States.
Known as Rabi'ah al-Makki during the preparations, Hazmi had been so eager to participate in operations within the United States, he already had a US visa when Bin Laden selected him.
Hazmi obtained a B-1/B-2 tourist visa on April 3, 1999 from the US consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, using a new passport he acquired a few weeks earlier.
Hazmi's passport did have indicators of Al-Qaeda association, but immigration inspectors were not trained to look for those.
In the autumn of 1999, these four attended the Mes Aynak training camp in Afghanistan, which provided advanced training.
Hazmi went with the two Yemenis, Tawfiq bin Attash (Khallad) and Abu Bara al Yemeni, to Karachi, Pakistan where Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the plot's coordinator, instructed him on western culture, travel, as well as taught some basic English phrases.
Mihdhar did not go with him to Karachi, but instead left for Yemen.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed then sent Hazmi and the other men to Malaysia for a meeting.
Before leaving for Malaysia, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed doctored Hazmi's Saudi passport in order to conceal his travel to Pakistan and Afghanistan, and make it appear that Hazmi had come to Malaysia from Saudi Arabia via Dubai.
After the attacks, the Associated Press would re-publish a "bizarre" story by the Cody Enterprise that quoted witnesses stating that Nawaf entered the United States during the autumn of 1999, crossing along the Canada–US border as one of two men delivering skylights to the local high school in Cody, Wyoming.
Leaving the city 45 minutes later with the remaining cardboard boxes, the men allegedly asked "how to get to Florida".
Based on information uncovered by the FBI in the 1998 United States embassy bombings case, the National Security Agency (NSA) began tracking the communications of Mihdhar's father-in-law Ahmad Muhammad Ali al-Hada, who was facilitating al-Qaeda communications, in 1999.
Authorities also became aware of Hazmi, as a friend and associate of Mihdhar.
Saudi Intelligence was also aware that Hazmi was associated with Al-Qaeda, and associated with the 1998 African embassy bombings and attempts to smuggle arms into the kingdom in 1997.
He also said that he revealed this to the CIA, saying "What we told them was these people were on our watch list from previous activities of al-Qaeda" The CIA strongly denies having received any such warning.
In late 1999 the NSA informed the CIA of an upcoming meeting in Malaysia, which Hada mentioned would involve "Khalid", "Nawaf", and "Salem".
On January 5, Hazmi arrived in Kuala Lumpur, where he met up with Mihdhar, Attash, and Abu Bara.
The group was in Malaysia to meet with Hambali for the 2000 Al Qaeda Summit, during which key details of the attacks may have been arranged.
At this time, there was an East Asia component to the September 11 attacks plot, but Bin Laden later canceled it for being too difficult to coordinate with operations in the United States.
Ramzi bin al-Shibh was also at the summit, and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed possibly attended the summit.
In Malaysia, the group stayed with Yazid Sufaat, a local member of Jemaah Islamiyah, who provided accommodations at request of Hambali.
Both Mihdhar and Hazmi were secretly photographed at the meeting by Malaysian authorities, who provided surveillance at the request of the CIA.
Malaysian authorities reported that Mihdhar spoke at length with Tawfiq bin Attash, one of the Yemenis, and others who were later involved in the USS Cole bombing.
Hazmi and Mihdhar also met with Fahd al-Quso, who was later involved in the USS Cole bombing.
After the meeting, Mihdhar and Hazmi traveled to Bangkok in Thailand on January 8, and left a week later on January 15 to travel to the United States.
<EOS>
In 2015, fifteen years after a global cataclysm known as the Second Impact, teenager Shinji Ikari is summoned to the futuristic city of Tokyo-3 by his estranged father Gendo Ikari, the director of the special paramilitary force NERV.
Shinji witnesses the United Nations forces battling an Angel: one of a race of giant monstrous beings whose awakening was foretold by the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Because of the Angels' near-impenetrable force-fields, NERV's giant Evangelion bio-machines, synchronized to the nervous systems of their pilots and possessing their own force-fields, are the only weapons capable of keeping the Angels from annihilating humanity.
NERV officer Misato Katsuragi escorts Shinji into the NERV complex beneath the city, where his father pressures him into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel.
Without training, Shinji is quickly overwhelmed in the battle, causing the Evangelion to go berserk and savagely kill the Angel on its own.
Following hospitalization, Shinji moves in with Misato and begins settling into life in Tokyo-3.
In his second battle, Shinji destroys an Angel but runs away after the battle, distraught.
Misato confronts Shinji and he decides to remain a pilot.
Evangelion Unit-00 is repaired and Shinji tries to befriend its pilot, a mysterious, and socially isolated teenage girl named Rei Ayanami.
With Rei's help, Shinji defeats another Angel.
Ritsuko Akagi, NERV's chief scientist, reveals that the Second Impact was not caused by a meteor strike as officially reported, but instead resulted when the first Angel to arrive on Earth, codenamed Adam, exploded in the Antarctic.
The pilot of Evangelion Unit-02, teenage girl Asuka Langley Soryu, moves in with Misato and Shinji and joins her fellow pilots in defeating the next Angels.
Shinji's schoolfriend Toji Suzuhara is selected for Unit-03, but during his first test synchronization with the Evangelion, Unit-03 is hijacked by an Angel.
When Shinji refuses to destroy the rogue unit, his control over Unit-01 is cut off and supplanted by a prototype autopilot system known as the "Dummy Plug" system, and his Evangelion rips apart Unit-03 crushing Toji's cockpit.
Shinji is devastated and quits piloting the Evangelion, but is forced to return to destroy an Angel that has defeated both Asuka and Rei.
Asuka loses her self-confidence following her defeat, and spirals into a deep depression.
This is worsened by her next fight, against an Angel which attacks her mind.
In the next battle, Rei self-destructs Unit-00 and dies to save Shinji's life.
Misato and Shinji later visit the hospital where they find Rei alive but claiming she is "the third Rei".
Misato forces Ritsuko to reveal the dark secrets of NERV, the Evangelion graveyard and the Dummy Plug system which operates using clones of Rei.
Asuka is reduced to a catatonic state by her depression, and Kaworu Nagisa replaces her as pilot of Unit-02.
Kaworu, who initially befriends Shinji, is revealed to be the final Angel.
Kaworu fights Shinji, then realizes that he must die if humanity is to thrive and asks Shinji to kill him.
Despite his initial hesitation, Shinji kills Kaworu.
Soon after this act, NERV and SEELE trigger the forced evolution of humanity, termed the "Human Instrumentality Project", in which the souls of all mankind are merged into one through Rei.
Shinji's soul grapples with the reason for his existence and reaches an epiphany that he needs others to thrive, enabling him to destroy the wall of negative emotions that torment him.
This allows him to be reunited with all of the main characters, who congratulate him.
<EOS>
Henry Dorsett Case is a low-level hustler in the dystopian underworld of Chiba City, Japan.
Once a talented computer hacker, Case was caught stealing from his employer.
As punishment for his theft, Case's central nervous system was damaged with a mycotoxin, leaving him unable to access the global computer network in cyberspace, a virtual reality dataspace called the "matrix".
Case is unemployable, suicidal, and apparently at the top of the hit list of a drug lord named Wage.
Case is saved by Molly Millions, an augmented "street samurai" and mercenary for a shadowy ex-military officer named Armitage, who offers to cure Case in exchange for his services as a hacker.
Case jumps at the chance to regain his life as a "console cowboy," but neither Case nor Molly knows what Armitage is really planning.
Case's nervous system is repaired using new technology that Armitage offers the clinic as payment, but he soon learns from Armitage that sacs of the poison that first crippled him have been placed in his blood vessels as well.
Armitage promises Case that if he completes his work in time, the sacs will be removed; otherwise they will dissolve, disabling him again.
He also has Case's pancreas replaced and new tissue grafted into his liver, leaving Case incapable of metabolizing cocaine or amphetamines and apparently ending his drug addiction.
Case develops a close personal relationship with Molly, who suggests that he begin looking into Armitage's background.
Meanwhile, Armitage assigns them their first job: they must steal a ROM module that contains the saved consciousness of one of Case's mentors, legendary cyber-cowboy McCoy Pauley, nicknamed "Dixie Flatline".
Armitage needs Pauley's hacking expertise, and the ROM construct is stored in the corporate headquarters of media conglomerate Sense/Net.
A street gang named the "Panther Moderns" is hired to create a simulated terrorist attack on Sense/Net.
The diversion allows Molly to penetrate the building and steal Dixie's ROM with Case unlocking the computer safeguards on the way in and out from within the matrix.
Case and Molly continue to investigate Armitage, discovering his former identity of Colonel Willis Corto.
Corto was a member of "Operation Screaming Fist," which planned on infiltrating and disrupting Soviet computer systems from ultralight aircraft dropped over Russia.
The Russian military had learned of the idea and installed defenses to render the attack impossible, but the military went ahead with Screaming Fist, with a new secret purpose of testing these Russian defenses.
As the Operation team attacked a Soviet computer center, EMP weapons shut down their computers and flight systems, and Corto and his men were targeted by Soviet laser defenses.
He and a few survivors commandeered a Soviet military helicopter and escaped over the heavily guarded Finnish border.
Everyone was killed except Corto, who was seriously wounded and heavily mutilated by Finnish defense forces attacking the helicopter as it landed.
After some months in the hospital, Corto was visited by a Government military official and then medically rebuilt to be able to provide what he came to realize was fake testimony, designed to mislead the public and protect the military officers who had covered up knowledge of the EMP weapons.
After the trials, Corto snapped, killing the Government official who had contacted him and then disappearing into the criminal underworld.
In Istanbul, the team recruits Peter Riviera, an artist, thief, and drug addict who is able to project detailed holographic illusions with the aid of sophisticated cybernetic implants.
Although Riviera is a sociopath, Armitage coerces him into joining the team.
The trail leads Case and Molly to Wintermute, a powerful artificial intelligence created by the Tessier-Ashpool family.
The Tessier-Ashpools spend most of their inactive time in cryonic preservation in a labyrinthine mansion known as Villa Straylight, located at one end of Freeside, a cylindrical space habitat at L5, which functions primarily as a Las Vegas-style space resort for the wealthy.
Wintermute's nature is finally revealed—it is one-half of a super-AI entity planned by the family, although its exact purpose is unknown.
The Turing Law Code governing AIs bans the construction of such entities; to get around this, it had to be built as two separate AIs.
Wintermute (housed in a computer mainframe in Berne, Switzerland) was programmed by the Tessier-Ashpools with a need to merge with its other half, Neuromancer (whose physical mainframe is installed in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil).
Unable to achieve this merger on its own, Wintermute recruited Armitage and his team to help complete the goal.
Case is tasked with entering cyberspace to pierce the Turing-imposed software barriers using a powerful icebreaker program.
At the same time, Riviera is to obtain the password to the Turing lock from Lady 3Jane Marie-France Tessier-Ashpool, an unfrozen daughter clone and the current CEO of the family's corporation, Tessier-Ashpool SA.
Wintermute believes Riviera will pose an irresistible temptation to her, and that she will give him the password.
The password must be spoken into an ornate computer terminal located in Villa Straylight, and entered simultaneously as Case pierces the software barriers in cyberspace—otherwise the Turing lock will remain intact.
Armitage's team attracts the attention of the Turing Police, whose job is to prevent AIs from exceeding their built-in limitations.
As Molly and Riviera gain entrance to Villa Straylight, three officers arrest Case and take him into custody; Wintermute manipulates the orbital casino's security and maintenance systems and kills the officers, allowing Case to escape.
The Armitage personality starts to disintegrate and revert to the Corto personality as he relives Screaming Fist.
It is revealed that in the past, Wintermute had originally contacted Corto through a bedside computer during his convalescence, eventually convincing Corto that he was Armitage.
Wintermute used him to persuade Case and Molly to help it merge with its twin AI, Neuromancer.
Finally, Armitage becomes the shattered Corto again, but his newfound personality is short-lived, as he is killed when Wintermute ejects him through an airlock into space.
Inside Villa Straylight, Riviera meets Lady 3Jane and tries to stop the mission, helping Lady 3Jane and Hideo, her ninja bodyguard, to capture Molly.
Worried about Molly and operating under orders from Wintermute, Case tracks her down with help from Maelcum, his Rastafarian pilot.
Neuromancer attempts to trap Case within a cyber-construct where he finds the consciousness of Linda Lee, his girlfriend from Chiba City, who was murdered by one of Case's underworld contacts.
Case manages to escape after Maelcum gives him an overdose of a drug that can bypass his augmented liver and pancreas.
Then, with Wintermute guiding them, Case goes with Maelcum to confront Lady 3Jane, Riviera, and Hideo.
Riviera tries to kill Case, but Lady 3Jane is sympathetic towards Case and Molly, and Hideo protects him.
Riviera blinds Hideo with a concentrated laser pulse from his projector implant, but flees when he learns that the ninja is just as adept without his sight.
Molly then explains to Case that Riviera is doomed anyway, as he has been fatally poisoned by his drugs, which she had spiked.
With Lady 3Jane in possession of the password, the team makes it to the computer terminal.
Case enters cyberspace to guide the icebreaker to penetrate its target; Lady 3Jane is induced to give up her password, and the lock is opened.
Wintermute unites with Neuromancer, fusing into a superconsciousness.
The poison in Case's bloodstream is washed out, and he and Molly are profusely paid for their efforts, while Pauley's ROM construct is apparently erased, at his own request.
In the epilogue, Molly leaves Case.
Case finds a new girlfriend, resumes his hacking work, and spends his earnings from the mission replacing his internal organs so that he can continue his previous drug use.
Wintermute/Neuromancer contacts him, saying that it has become "the sum total of the works, the whole show," and has begun looking for other AIs like itself.
Scanning old recorded transmissions from the 1970s, the super-AI finds an AI transmitting from the Alpha Centauri star system.
In the matrix, Case hears inhuman laughter, a trait associated with Pauley during Case's work with his ROM construct, thus suggesting that Pauley was not erased after all, but instead worked out a side deal with Wintermute/Neuromancer to be freed from the construct so he could exist in the matrix.
In the end, while logged into the matrix, Case catches a glimpse of himself, his dead girlfriend Linda Lee, and Neuromancer.
The implication of the sighting is that Neuromancer created a copy of Case's consciousness when it previously tried to trap him.
The copy of Case's consciousness now exists with that of Linda's, in the matrix, where they are together forever.
<EOS>
