The title character, played by Craig Stevens, is a well-dressed private investigator whose hair is always in place and who loves cool jazz.
Where other gumshoes might be coarse, Peter Gunn is a sophisticate with expensive tastes.
He operates in a nameless, fictional riverfront city and can usually be found at Mother's, a smoky wharfside jazz club that he uses as his "office", often meeting clients there.
Pete's standard fee is $1,000.
He has a reputation of being one of the best investigators and trustworthy.
He sometimes works cases out of the state and on at least one occasion out of country, with one case occurring in Mexico and another involving a tour of Western Europe.
Gunn drives a 1958 two-tone DeSoto two door hardtop in the first few episodes of the first season, then a 1959 Plymouth Fury convertible with a white top and a car phone.
In the third season Gunn drives a 1961 white Plymouth Fury convertible with a car phone.
Gunn's girlfriend, Edie Hart (Lola Albright), is a sultry singer employed at Mother's; she opens her own place in season 3.
His pet name for Edie is "Silly".
Herschel Bernardi costarred as Lieutenant Charles "Chuck" Jacoby, a somber police detective and friend of Gunn.
Occasionally he refers people to Gunn as clients.
Bernardi received his only Emmy nomination for the role.
Hope Emerson appeared as "Mother", who had been a singer and piano player in speakeasies during Prohibition.
She received an Emmy nomination for the role.
For the second season, "Mother" was played by Minerva Urecal, following the death of Emerson.
Associate producer Byron Kane portrayed Barney, the bartender; Kane was never credited for playing this role.
Bill Chadney appeared as Emmett, the piano player at Mother's.
(Chadney and Albright married in 1961.
)  Both Billy Barty as pool hustler Babby and Herbert Ellis as Beat bistro owner, painter, and sculptor Wilbur appeared in several episodes as occasional "information resources", as "Mother" also often is.
Capri Candela played Wilbur's girlfriend Capri.
Frequent director Robert Gist appeared as an actor in different roles in three episodes.
Edie opened her own night club "Edie's" with James Lanphier as Leslie the maitre d' in Season 3.
<EOS>
The game follows Sonic and Knuckles in their respective quests to save Angel Island.
Sonic's side of the story picks up immediately after the events of Sonic 3, where dr Robotnik's orbital weapon, the Death Egg, is damaged in a battle with Sonic and crash-lands back onto Angel Island.
Sonic travels through each zone looking to retrieve the Chaos Emeralds to defeat Robotnik, and once again comes into conflict with Knuckles, who believes Sonic is trying to steal the Emeralds for himself.
In Hidden Palace Zone, Sonic fights and defeats Knuckles.
The two hear a disturbance outside of the chamber, and go out to find dr Robotnik stealing the Master Emerald, the secret to the island's levitation powers.
Knuckles attempts to attack Robotnik, but is electrically shocked in the process, and is trapped with Sonic in an underground passage.
Knuckles, realizing Sonic is on his side, shows him a portal that leads them to Sky Sanctuary, where the Death Egg is relaunching.
At Sky Sanctuary, Sonic battles against Robotnik's robotic EggRobo minions and Mecha Sonic.
Mecha Sonic is left behind in a damaged state as Sonic boards the relaunching Death Egg, where he battles and defeats Robotnik, who flees with the Master Emerald.
If the player collects all the Chaos Emeralds, Sonic enters the Doomsday Zone where he chases after Robotnik and the Master Emerald.
After destroying the robot, Sonic reverts to his normal state and falls to Earth, but is saved by Tails, and returns the Master Emerald to its rightful place.
In a post-credits scene, a lone EggRobo rises from the wreckage of the Death Egg.
This leads into Knuckles' story.
Knuckles' story begins in Mushroom Hill, where he is relaxing with his animal friends but is interrupted by a bomb dropped by EggRobo.
This prompts Knuckles to chase after him, leading him through most of the same zones Sonic went through.
The chase ends at the damaged remains of Sky Sanctuary, where Mecha Sonic attacks Knuckles but accidentally destroys EggRobo instead.
After a short fight, Mecha Sonic uses the power of the Master Emerald to achieve a Super form similar to Sonic's.
Knuckles manages to defeat Super Mecha Sonic, who blows up.
Sonic flies in piloting the biplane Tornado and Knuckles hitches a ride to return the Master Emerald to Angel Island.
If all the Chaos Emeralds are collected, Angel Island rises upwards, into the sky.
However, if the player has not collected all the Chaos Emeralds, Knuckles cannot redeem the Master Emerald, and Angel Island plummets into the ocean.
<EOS>
Knuckles' Chaotix is set several months after Sonic & Knuckles, on an island known in-game as Newtrogic High Zone.
The story varies between the Japanese and English releases of the game.
In the Japanese manual, a mysterious island rose from the sea shortly after the events of Sonic & Knuckles.
dr Eggman discovered the island, and found a mysterious ring inscribed with descriptions of the "Chaos Rings", ancient Rings infused with Chaos Emerald energy.
Eggman builds his base on the island in hopes of harnessing their power, alongside hopefully getting closer to the all-powerful Master Emerald.
He, with the help of Metal Sonic, captures new characters Mighty the Armadillo, Espio the Chameleon, Vector the Crocodile, and Charmy Bee upon their arrival at the island as well.
Knuckles, curious about the strange island, goes there as well, and manages to rescue Espio.
The two then go on to save the other characters and stop Eggman from getting the Chaos Rings.
In the English manual, Knuckles guards Carnival Island, a large high-tech amusement park.
dr Robotnik goes there to find the Power Emerald that supplies electricity to the whole island so he can use it to fuel his evil devices.
dr Robotnik traps Vector, Charmy, and Mighty, who were visiting the island, in his Combi Confiner that freezes them in time and is about to do the same to Espio the Chameleon until Knuckles chases him away.
Knuckles then discovers that he can rescue one friend at a time using Ring Power, which holds the two partners together like a rubber band.
All the characters then work together to save Carnival Island from Robotnik before tomorrow's grand opening.
The group travel through the island's "attractions", fighting Robotnik and his machines along the way.
After finishing all levels, the Chaotix arrive back at the game's main hub, only to discover that it has been hijacked by Metal Sonic.
The Chaotix fight and defeat him, destroying the world entrance in the process.
Metal Sonic is severely damaged, so Robotnik transfers his CPU to a larger, tougher body using the seventh Chaos Ring, trapping the Chaotix in a small room with the enhanced Metal Sonic.
After another fight, the team manages to defeat him again.
The ending depends on whether or not the player collected all of the Chaos Rings.
If they are not collected, Metal Sonic is seen burning an entire city.
If they are, however, Robotnik and Metal Sonic are repelled, and the Chaotix are seen standing in front of the peaceful city with Sonic and Tails.
<EOS>
Brian Sweeney "Fitzcarraldo" Fitzgerald (Klaus Kinski) is an Irishman living in Iquitos, a small city east of the Andes in the Amazon Basin in Peru in the early part of the 20th century, when the city grew exponentially during the rubber boom.
He has an indomitable spirit, but is little more than a dreamer with one major failure already behind him – the bankrupted and incomplete Trans-Andean railways.
A lover of opera and a great fan of the internationally known Italian tenor Enrico Caruso, he dreams of building an opera house in Iquitos.
Numerous Europeans and North African Sephardic Jewish immigrants have settled in the city at this time, bringing their cultures with them.
The opera house will require considerable amounts of money, which the booming rubber industry in Peru should yield in profits.
The areas in the Amazon Basin known to contain rubber trees have been parceled up by the Peruvian government and are leased to private companies for exploitation.
Fitzcarraldo explores entering the rubber business.
A helpful rubber baron points out on a map the only remaining unclaimed parcel in the area.
He explains that while it is located on the Ucayali River, a major tributary of the Amazon, it is cut off from the Amazon (and access to Atlantic ports) by a lengthy section of rapids.
Fitzcarraldo sees that the Pachitea River, another Amazon tributary, comes within several hundred meters of the Ucayali upstream of the parcel.
He plans to investigate that.
He leases the inaccessible parcel from the government.
His paramour, Molly (Claudia Cardinale), a successful brothel owner, funds his purchase of an old steamship (which he christens the SS Molly Aida).
After recruiting a crew, he takes off up the Pachitea, the parallel river.
This river has dangerous interior areas because of its indigenous people hostile to outsiders.
Fitzcarraldo plans to go to the closest point between the two rivers and, with the manpower of impressed natives (who are nearly enslaved by many rubber companies), physically pull his three-story, 320-ton steamer over the muddy 40° hillside across a portage from one river to the next.
Using the steamer, he will collect rubber produced on the upper Ucayali and bring it down the Pachitea and the Amazon to market at Atlantic ports.
The majority of the ship's crew, at first unaware of Fitzcarraldo's plan, abandon the expedition soon after entering indigenous territory, leaving only the captain, engineer, and cook.
Impressed by Fitzcarraldo and his ship, the natives start working for him without fully understanding his goals.
After great struggles, they successfully pull the ship over the mountain with a complex system of pulleys, worked by the natives and aided by the ship's engine.
When the crew falls asleep after a drunken celebration, the chief of the natives severs the rope securing the ship to the shore.
It floats down the river.
The chief wanted to appease the river gods, who would otherwise be angered that Fitzcarraldo defied nature by circumventing them.
Though the ship traverses the Ucayali rapids without major damage, Fitzcarraldo and his crew are forced to return to Iquitos without any rubber.
Despondent, Fitzcarraldo sells the ship back to the rubber baron, but first sends the captain on a last voyage.
He returns with the entire cast for the first opera production, including Caruso.
The entire city of Iquitos comes to the shore as Fitzcarraldo, standing atop the ship, proudly displays the cast.
<EOS>
The Empire of Izmir has long been a divided land, ruled by the Mages, an elite group of magic users.
An evil mage named Profion (Jeremy Irons) attempts to create a sceptre that allows him to control Gold Dragons.
His attempt to control a captive golden dragon fails, and he is forced to kill it.
The dragon bleeds into the river, causing it to catch fire, which many inhabitants notice, including a pair of thieves, Ridley (Justin Whalin) and Snails (Marlon Wayans).
Later, Profion and the Council talk about the controversial views of Empress Savina (Thora Birch), who wants to give rights to non-mages in Izmir.
Meanwhile, Ridley and Snails break into the magic school to steal valuables, but are caught by Marina (Zoe McLellan).
She is distracted when the Library wizard is held hostage and interrogated by Profion's henchmen, Damodar (Bruce Payne) for information on where the map to the magic sceptre that controls Red Dragons is.
After refusing to talk, Damodar kills him.
Marina gets the map and travels through a portal to escape, accidentally taking the thieves with her.
After crashing into a pile of garbage, they meet a dwarf named Elwood (Lee Arenberg), who ends up joining Ridley, Snails and Marina escaping through the sewer.
Damodar puts a price on Marina, Ridley, Snails and Elwood's heads and, after letting Profion know that the protagonists got away, Profion creates a tentacled monster inside Damodar's head.
The protagonists hide in a tavern and read the map that Ridley and Marina get sucked into.
Damodar and his henchmen attack Elwood and Snails, but they manage to get away with the map.
Ridley and Marina exit the map and all decide to work together to find the sceptre.
They apparently have to find a red ruby called the "Eye of the Dragon" that can open the door to a tomb where the red sceptre rests.
The ruby is located in a den of thieves that is led by Xilus (Richard O'Brien) who'll give the protagonists the "Eye of the Dragon" if Ridley solves a maze of booby traps.
Ridley manages to get the "Eye of the Dragon" when Damodar arrives to capture him and his friends.
Marina is captured while Ridley, Snails and Elwood escape, meeting an elf named Norda (Kristen Wilson) who works for Empress Savina and informs the Empress about Profion's plans to get the Red Dragon sceptre.
Meanwhile, Damodar interrogates Marina, using the tentacles in his head to gain her knowledge.
Ridley and Snails break into the castle to rescue Marina, while Norda and Elwood stay behind.
Ridley and Snails split up and Ridley finds Marina, but Snails is confronted and killed by Damodar when he throws the map to his comrades.
Ridley becomes enraged at Damodar and attacks him, but Damodar disarms him and stabs him in the left shoulder with his own sword.
In the confusion Marina grabs some magic dust and uses a magic portal to escape with Ridley, leaving the corpse of Snails behind.
During the council meeting, Profion and Empress Savina battle over the domination of Izmir.
Meanwhile, an elf (Tom Baker) heals Norda's soldiers and Ridley, and Marina tries to help Ridley get over the death of Snails, but Ridley angrily rebukes her.
After an argument in which Marina convinces Ridley that Snails didn't die in vain, they become love interests.
Ridley uses the "Eye of the Dragon" to finally get the Red Dragon sceptre, which is held by a skeleton that comes to life and warns Ridley that "anyone who wields the power of the rod shall suffer a horrible fate", but Damodar arrives to steal the sceptre and brings it to Profion, where Ridley, Marina and Elwood follow.
They travel back to the Empress' castle where Gold dragons controlled by the Empress are battling the Mages below.
Profion uses the Red Dragon sceptre to summon Red dragons, which battle the Gold dragons and slowly begin to win the fight.
Ridley comes across Damodar, duels him with his new magic sword and then kills him, sending his body off the castle wall, and then, after a confrontation with Profion, Ridley destroys the sceptre and a Gold dragon eats Profion.
Ridley later visits Snails's grave, where Snail's engraved name disappears, and Norda teleports Ridley to a place where "your friend awaits you", along with herself, Marina and Elwood.
<EOS>
At a Detroit theater showing kung fu films, Alabama Whitman strikes up a conversation with Elvis Presley fanatic Clarence Worley.
The later have sex at Clarence's apartment in downtown Detroit.
Alabama tearfully confesses that she is a call girl hired by Clarence's boss as a birthday present, but has fallen in love with Clarence.
They marry.
An apparition of Elvis appears to Clarence and convinces him to kill Alabama's pimp Drexl.
Clarence goes to the brothel where Alabama worked, shoots and kills Drexl, and takes a bag he assumes contains Alabama's belongings.
Back at the apartment, he and Alabama discover the bag contains a large amount of cocaine.
The couple visit Clarence's estranged father, Clifford, a former cop and now a security guard, for help.
Clifford tells Clarence that the police assume Drexl's murder is a gang killing.
After the couple leave for Los Angeles, Clifford is interrogated by Don Vincenzo Coccotti, consigliere to a mobster named "Blue Lou Boyle", who wants the drugs.
Clifford, realizing he will die anyway, mockingly defies Coccotti.
Infuriated, Coccotti shoots Clifford dead.
A note on the refrigerator leads the mobsters to Clarence'sA.
address.
InA, Clarence and Alabama meet Clarence's friend Dick, an aspiring actor.
Dick introduces Clarence to a friend of his, actor Elliot Blitzer, who reluctantly agrees to broker the sale of the drugs to film producer Lee Donowitz.
While Clarence is out buying lunch, Coccotti's underboss, Virgil, finds Alabama in her motel room and beats her for information.
She fights back and kills him with his shotgun.
Elliot is pulled over for speeding and arrested for drug possession.
To stay out of jail, he agrees to record the drug deal between Clarence and Donowitz for the police.
Coccotti's crew learn where the deal will take place from Dick's roommate Floyd.
Clarence, Alabama, Dick, and Elliot go to Donowitz's suite at the Ambassador Hotel with the drugs.
In the elevator, a suspicious Clarence threatens Elliot at gunpoint, but is persuaded by Elliott's pleading.
Clarence fabricates a story for Donowitz that the drugs were given to him by a corrupt cop, and Donowitz agrees to the sale.
Clarence excuses himself to the bathroom, where a vision of Elvis reassures him that things are going well.
Donowitz and his bodyguards are ambushed by the cops and mobsters and a shootout begins after Elliott accidentally reveals himself as an informant.
Dick abandons the drugs and flees.
Almost everyone is killed in the gun battle, and Clarence is wounded as he exits the bathroom.
He and Alabama escape with Donowitz's money as more police arrive.
They flee to Mexico where Alabama gives birth to a son, whom she names Elvis.
<EOS>
The film features the story of Hans, a boy born and raised in Nazi Germany, who is bred to become a merciless soldier.
At the beginning of the film, a German couple proves to a Nazi supreme judge that they are of pure Aryan blood and agree to give their son, whom they name Hans at the judge's approval, into the service of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party.
They are given a copy of Mein Kampf by the judge as a reward for their service to Hitler; their passport contains spaces for 12 more children (a hint that the couple is expected to produce a large family for the Fatherland).
This is followed by the only extended comical section of the cartoon, the tone of which is very light compared to the rest of the film.
The audience is told that as Hans grows up, he hears a distorted version of Sleeping Beauty depicting Hitler as the knight in shining armor rescuing Sleeping Beauty, an obese Valkyrie representing Germany, from a wicked witch (who may be Maleficent) representing democracy.
(The narrator sarcastically comments that "the moral of this story seems to be that Hitler got Germany on her feet, climbed onto the saddle, and took her for a ride".
) Thanks to this kind of distorted children's story, Hans becomes fascinated with Hitler as he and the rest of the younger members of the Hitler Youth give the Hitler salute to a portrait of Hitler dressed as a knight.
In the following segment, the audience sees Hans sick and bedridden.
His mother prays for him, knowing it will only be a matter of time before the authorities come and take him away to serve Hitler.
A Nazi officer bangs on the door to take Hans away, but his mother says he is sick and needs care.
The officer orders her to heal her son quickly and have him ready to leave, implying if Hans does not get well, he will be euthanized.
He orders her not to do anything more to him that will cause him to lose heart and be weak, explaining that a soldier must show no emotion, mercy, or feelings whatsoever.
Hans eventually recovers and resumes his "education" in a school classroom, where Hans and the rest of his classmates, all in Hitlerjugend uniforms, give the Hitler salute to portraits of Hitler, Hermann Göring, and Joseph Goebbels.
They then watch as the teacher draws a cartoon on the blackboard of a rabbit being eaten by a fox, prompting Hans to feel sorry for the rabbit.
The teacher, furious over the remark, orders Hans to sit in the corner wearing a dunce cap.
As Hans sits in the corner, he hears the rest of the classmates "correctly" interpret the cartoon as "weakness has no place in a soldier" and "the strong shall rule the weak".
This causes Hans to recant his remark and agree that the weak must be destroyed.
Hans then takes part in a book-burning crusade, burning any books with ideas opposed to Hitler's (Einstein, Spinoza, and Voltaire), replacing the Bible with Mein Kampf and the crucifix with a Nazi sword, and burning a Catholic church.
Hans then spends the next several years "Marching and heiling, heiling and marching.
".
He reaches his teens (wearing a uniform similar to that of the Sturmabteilung) still "marching and heiling" until he becomes an adult or "Good Nazi" (now in Wehrmacht uniform) embroiled in hatred towards anyone else who opposes Hitler.
With "no seed of laughter, hope, tolerance, or mercy" planted in him, he "sees no more than the party wants him to [see], says nothing but what the party wants him to say, and he does nothing but what the party wants him to do".
In the end, Hans and the rest of the German soldiers march off to war only to fade into rows of identical graves, with nothing on them except a swastika and a helmet perched on top.
Thus Hans's education is complete &ndash; "his education.
for death".
<EOS>
The book chronicles the life of an artistic young boy named Jesse Aarons and the burdens and hardships of his home life, such as his duties on his family's farm and the constant agitations and annoyances of his four sisters.
Jess has straw-colored hair and long legs.
Leslie Burke is an intelligent, wealthy girl who has just moved into "the old Perkins place" down the road from him.
Jess is initially cold toward Leslie.
After having trained all summer to become his class's fastest runner, Jess is infuriated when Leslie outruns him in a recess footrace.
After further negative experiences with classroom tormentors or rivals, including Gary Fulcher, Jess eagerly anticipates the arrival of music class due to his infatuation for its beautiful young teacher, Miss Edmunds.
However, on the day music class begins, he discovers a fondness for Leslie, eccentric and ostracized, and they develop a friendship.
After using a rope to swing over a creek on a sunny day, Jess and Leslie decide to design an imaginary sanctuary from the burdens and pains of everyday life.
The pair reign as monarchs, calling their domain Terabithia and constructing a small refuge in which their imaginary escapades take place.
At school, the pair are challenged by an older bully named Janice Avery, whom they immensely detest.
After Janice steals a package of Twinkies from Jesse's younger sister May Belle's lunch, they forge a romantic letter under the disguise of Willard Hughes, the object of Janice's infatuation, setting her up for misunderstanding.
The plan is successful, exposing Janice to public mortification.
Later, Leslie encounters a sobbing Janice in the girls' bathroom.
It develops that Janice's father beats her severely, and that this explains the bully's difficulty relating to other people.
Janice is upset since she had confided her troubles to her two best friends, and they have spread the rumor all throughout the school.
At this, both Jesse and Leslie develop sympathy for—and Leslie even the beginnings of a friendship with—Janice.
In the meantime, Leslie's bond with Jesse also increases powerfully, and they continue to indulge in the pleasures derived from Terabithia, adopting a puppy named Prince Terrien, abbreviated toT.
On being invited to a trip to an art museum with Miss Edmunds, Jesse accepts the offer without notifying Leslie or his parents beforehand (Jess tells his mother while she is half-asleep).
He enjoys the day with Miss Edmunds, but upon returning home is horrified to learn that while he was away, Leslie attempted to visit Terabithia on her own and died of drowning when the rope swing broke.
A shocked Jesse, incapable of absorbing or accepting the impact or horror of Leslie's sudden death, denies his grief and even his friend's existence.
It is implied that May Belle is terrified that Leslie may be sentenced to eternal damnation due to Leslie's doubts regarding religion (revealed the previous Easter).
Jess's father reassures Jess that God could not possibly be so unfair.
After Jesse miserably accepts the inevitability of Leslie's death, he is saddened even further by the grief exhibited by her mourning family, who have decided to return to their previous home in Pennsylvania.
Jesse decides to pay tribute to Leslie by crafting a funeral wreath, bending a pine bough into a circle.
Leaving it in their special pine grove in Terabithia, Jess discovers a terrified May Belle halfway across the creek—having attempted to follow Jesse over the fallen tree he used to get to Terabithia after the rope broke—and assists her back.
The Burke family grants Jesse some lumber (from aborted renovations) they are leaving behind, which he uses to build a more permanent, though rudimentary, bridge.
He chooses to fill the void left by Leslie's passing by making May Belle the princess of Terabithia and presumably the queen in future, permitting her to share his sanctuary from then onward (Terabithia had been kept as Jesse's and Leslie's secret before).
Then, Jesse tells May Belle to keep the "mind wide open" and all of the inhabitants of Terabithia welcome their new princess.
<EOS>
A stranger arrives at the little Mexican border town of San Miguel.
Silvanito, the town's innkeeper, tells the Stranger about a feud between two families vying to gain control of the town: on the one side, the Rojo brothers: Don Miguel, Esteban and Ramón; on the other, the family of the town sheriff, John Baxter.
The Stranger decides to play each family against the other in order to make money, and proves his speed and accuracy with his gun to both sides by shooting with ease the four men who insulted him as he entered town.
The Stranger seizes his opportunity when he sees the Rojos massacre a detachment of Mexican soldiers who were escorting a shipment of gold.
He takes two of the dead bodies to a nearby cemetery and sells information to both sides, saying that two Mexican soldiers survived the attack.
Both sides race to the cemetery; the Baxters to get the "survivors" to testify against the Rojos, and the Rojos to silence them.
The factions engage in a gunfight, with Ramón managing to "kill" the "survivors" and Esteban capturing John Baxter's son, Antonio.
While the Rojos and the Baxters are fighting, the Stranger searches the Rojo hacienda for the gold.
While he is searching he accidentally knocks out a woman, Marisol.
He takes her to the Baxters, who, in turn, arrange to return her to the Rojos in exchange for Antonio.
During the exchange, Marisol's son, Jesús runs towards her, followed by her husband, Julio.
While the family embraces, Ramón orders one of his men, Rubio, to kill her husband as he has already told him to leave town.
Silvanito attempts to protect the family with a shotgun with the Stranger backing him up.
Neither Ramón nor any of his men attempt to challenge the Stranger, knowing that he is too fast on the draw.
The Stranger then tells Marisol to go to Ramón and for Julio to take Jesús home.
He learns from Silvanito that Ramón had framed Julio for cheating during a cards game and taken Marisol as his prisoner, forcing her to live with him.
That night, while the Rojos are celebrating, the Stranger rides out and frees Marisol, shooting the guards and wrecking the house in which she is being held, making it appear as though it were attacked by the Baxters.
He gives Marisol some money and tells her family to leave the town.
When the Rojos discover that he freed Marisol, they capture and torture him, but he escapes.
Believing the Stranger to be protected by the Baxters, the Rojos set fire to the Baxter home and massacre the entire family as they run out of the burning building.
Ramon kills John Baxter and Antonio after pretending to spare them.
Consuelo, John Baxter's wife, appears and curses the Rojos for killing her unarmed husband and son.
She is then shot and killed by Esteban.
With help from Piripero, the local coffin-maker, the Stranger escapes town by hiding in a coffin.
The Stranger hides and convalesces in a nearby mine.
When Piripero tells him that Silvanito has been captured, the Stranger returns to town to face the Rojos.
With a steel chest-plate hidden beneath his poncho, he taunts Ramón to "aim for the heart" as Ramón's shots bounce off.
Panicking, Ramón uses up all of the bullets in his Winchester.
The Stranger shoots the rifle from Ramón's hand and kills the other Rojos standing nearby, including Don Miguel and Rubio.
He then uses the last bullet in his gun to free Silvanito, tied hanging from a post.
After challenging Ramón to reload his rifle faster than he can reload his own pistol, the Stranger shoots and kills Ramón.
Esteban Rojo aims for the Stranger's back from a nearby building, but is shot dead by Silvanito.
The Stranger bids farewell and rides away from the town.
<EOS>
The story elaborates on what is told of these characters in the published Silmarillion, starting with the childhood of Túrin, continuing through the captivity of his father in the Nírnaeth Arnoediad, and Túrin's exile in Doriath, to Túrin's time in Nargothrond, his unintentionally incestuous relationship with his sister Nienor, and ultimately ending with suicide by his sword Gurthang after having slain Glaurung.
As a point of reference regarding the names of the main characters: In this story, Túrin renames himself Turambar, meaning Master of Doom in the High-elven speech, with a vow to turn aside from the darkness that had ruled his early life.
His sister Nienor is also called Níniel, meaning Maid of Tears.
She is renamed by Turambar himself after he finds her alone and in distress in the woods.
Only much later does he learn her real name and origin.
The section ends with the Elves calling them by the names of Túrin Turambar Dagnir Glaurunga (as the slayer of the Dragon Glaurung) and Nienor Níniel.
The story has some inconsistencies when compared with The Silmarillion, and at points there are gaps and multiple versions: this is because Tolkien never really finished the story during his lifetime, and his son Christopher Tolkien had to choose from all the work to create a consistent narrative for The Silmarillion.
The story of the Narn continues in the Later Narn, which is also published in Unfinished Tales, and in The Wanderings of Húrin, a text which was found to be too different in style from the rest of The Silmarillion, but which continues the Narn past Túrin's death with Húrin's eventual release and the bad deeds which come from that.
This story was finally published in The War of the Jewels, a part of the series The History of Middle-earth.
<EOS>
The Man with No Name—"Monco"/"Manco"— and Colonel Douglas Mortimer—the "Man in Black"—are two bounty killers in pursuit of "El Indio," one of the most wanted fugitives in the Wild West, and his gang.
El Indio is ruthless, clever, and brutal.
He has a musical pocketwatch that he plays before engaging in gun duels: "When the chimes finish, begin," he says.
Flashbacks reveal that El Indio took the watch from a young woman whom he found with her lover.
He killed the lover and raped the woman, during which she killed herself.
There is a photograph of the woman inside the cover of the watch.
Mortimer illegally stops a train in Tucumcari and kills Guy Calloway, displaying both his arsenal of weapons and his gun-slinging skill as he easily kills Calloway at long range while the outlaw is shooting at him.
After collecting a bounty of $1,000, Mortimer inquires about Red "Baby" Cavanagh, who has a $2,000 bounty on him and was last seen in White Rocks.
He learns that Cavanagh has already been targeted by "Manco" ("Manco", "one-armed" in Spanish — see below for an explanation).
Manco rides into White Rocks and finds Cavanagh in a saloon playing five-card draw poker.
Manco kills him and his men and collects the bounty.
Meanwhile, El Indio's gang, led by his right-hand man Niño, break into the prison where Indio is being held and free him, killing the warden and most of the guards.
El Indio's next target is the Bank of El Paso and its disguised safe containing "almost a million dollars".
The two bounty hunters arrive separately in El Paso, learn about each other and, after butting heads, decide to team up to take down El Indio and his gang.
Mortimer persuades a reluctant Manco to join El Indio's gang for the robbery in order to "get him between two fires".
Manco breaks one of Indio's friends out of prison and is admitted to the gang.
Mortimer is revealed to have a pocket-watch similar to El Indio's that plays the same tune.
El Indio's plan includes Manco and some of El Indio's gang providing a distraction by robbing another bank in another town, but Manco guns down the gang members and sends a false telegraphic alarm.
Once the El Paso sheriff and his posse leave, El Indio and the rest of his gang invade the bank and steal the safe, which they are unable to open.
They ride to the small border town of Agua Caliente, where they see Mortimer.
One of El Indio's men, the hunchback Wild, recognizes Mortimer from a previous encounter in which Mortimer had deliberately insulted him.
He forces a showdown and Mortimer kills him.
Mortimer then proves his worth to El Indio by cracking open the safe without using explosives.
El Indio says that he will wait a month before dividing the loot, to allow the furore over the bank robbery to die down, and locks the money away.
Manco and Mortimer attempt to steal the money from El Indio, but are caught in the act.
El Indio's men severely beat them and tie them up.
Later, Niño, on orders from El Indio, kills their guard, Slim and releases them.
El Indio informs his gang that Manco and Mortimer "got away", and sends the gang in pursuit, intending to let his gang and Manco and Mortimer kill each other off while he and Niño take all the loot for themselves.
However, Groggy, one of the more intelligent members of the gang, figures out what El Indio is up to and kills Niño.
Before he can kill El Indio, he finds that Mortimer has already removed the stolen money.
El Indio convinces Groggy to join forces with him to trap Manco and Mortimer.
The next morning, El Indio's men confront Manco and Mortimer in the streets of Agua Caliente.
Manco and Mortimer kill the gang, one by one, in a running gun duel.
Standing alone, Mortimer shoots Groggy as he runs for cover, but then has his gun shot out of his hand by El Indio.
El Indio then takes out his pocket watch and starts it playing.
As the music nears the end, Manco suddenly appears with an identical pocket watch, which plays the same tune as El Indio's and which Mortimer realizes had been taken from him earlier.
Manco covers El Indio with a rifle (an 1854 Jennings Rifle Company Volcanic Rifle) and forces El Indio to wait while he gives his own belt and pistol to Mortimer, evening the odds.
Manco sits down while Mortimer and El Indio face off, with the watch playing again.
During the stand-off, Manco opens Mortimer's pocket watch and sees the same photo as in El Indio's watch.
The music finishes, and Mortimer shoots and kills El Indio.
Mortimer takes El Indio's pocket watch.
Manco gives him back the other watch and remarks on a family resemblance to the photo.
Mortimer replies "Naturally, between brother and sister".
His revenge complete, Mortimer declines his share of the bounty and rides away.
Manco tosses the bodies of El Indio and his men into a wagon, adding up the bounties, and finds himself short of the $27,000 total.
He spins around to gun down Groggy, who had survived and was sneaking up behind him.
As he leaves, he recovers the money stolen from the Bank of El Paso, though it is not clear whether he intends to return it.
He then rides off into the distance with two horses towing the wagon.
<EOS>
The film is presented in non-chronological order, from 1920 to 1968, and it is largely told through flashbacks from the viewpoint of one person.
The specific scenes and their order vary from version to version.
The following description is that of the film's full European cut.
The film begins in medias res with gangsters entering an Indonesian puppet theater, looking for a marked man.
The proprietors slip into a hidden opium den and warn a man named "Noodles", but he pays no attention.
In a flashback, he watches the police remove three disfigured corpses from a street.
He successfully kills one of the three thugs that are after him but learns that the thugs have murdered his girlfriend while looking for him and finds that someone else has stolen his money.
He leaves the city.
David "Noodles" Aaronson struggles as a street kid in the Jewish ghetto on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1920.
He and his friends Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg, Phillip "Cockeye" Stein, and little Dominic commit petty crimes under the supervision of the local boss Bugsy.
Planning to rob a drunk at the moment a passing truck hides them from a policeman, they're foiled by the older Max Bercovicz, who jumps off of the truck to rob the man himself.
Noodles confronts Max but a crooked policeman steals the watch they were fighting over.
Later Max's camera enables them to blackmail the policeman, having sex with a teenage girl, and thus start their own gang independent of Bugsy, who had previously enjoyed the policeman's corrupt protection.
The boys establish a suitcase money fund, which they hide in a locker at the railway station, giving the key to Fat Moe, a reliable friend who's not part of the operation.
Noodles is in love with Fat Moe's sister Deborah, who aspires to be a dancer and actress.
One day, Bugsy ambushes the boys and shoots little Dominic, who dies in Noodle's arms, who then stabs Bugsy to death and injures a police officer who tried to intervene.
Noodles is arrested, and sentenced to 12 years in prison.
An adult Noodles is released from jail in 1932 and is reacquainted with his old gang: Max, Patsy, and Cockeye, who are now major players in the bootlegging industry during Prohibition.
Noodles reunites with Deborah and tries to rekindle their relationship.
Meanwhile, during a robbery, the gang meets Carol who soon becomes Max's girlfriend.
The gang prospers from bootlegging under Prohibition, and providing muscle for union boss Jimmy Conway O'Donnell.
Noodles tries to impress Deborah on an extravagant date, and rapes her on their way home in a limousine, after which he becomes remorseful.
The gang's financial success ends with the repeal of Prohibition, when Max considers a suggestion to set up what was to become the teamsters' union, which Noodles refuses and leaves.
Max runs after him and they go to Florida together.
While there, Max suggests robbing the New York Federal Reserve Bank, but Noodles sees it as suicidal.
Carol, who also fears for Max's life, convinces Noodles to call the police on his friend for a minor offence, just to keep him in jail for a short time.
Noodles does this at an end-of-Prohibition party.
Shortly after, Max, who has followed him to the office, knocks him unconscious for calling him crazy.
Regaining consciousness, Noodles finds out that Max, Patsy, and Cockeye have been killed by the police, and is consumed with guilt over making that phone call which led to the scenes which begin the film.
Noodles is then seen boarding the first bus to leave New York, going to Buffalo, where he will live in hiding under a fake identity for the next 35 years.
In 1968, Noodles receives a letter informing him that the cemetery where his friends are buried has been sold and asking him to make arrangements for their reburial.
Realising that someone has deduced his identity, Noodles returns to Manhattan and stays with Fat Moe above his still-open restaurant.
While visiting the new cemetery, Noodles finds there, visibly hung for him to take it, a key to the railway locker, once kept by the gang, and further notes the license plate of a car that is following him there.
Opening that locker, he discovers a suitcase full of cash, like the one kept there and taken away, now with a note saying the money is a down payment on his next job.
Noodles hears about the lavish estate of Secretary Bailey, an embattled political figure whose name has been mentioned in news reports of the car explosion which killed the District Attorney.
Noodles visits Carol, who lives at a retirement home run by the Bailey Foundation.
She tells him that Max planted the idea of Carol and Noodles tipping off the police because he wanted to die rather than go insane like his father who died in an asylum.
He opened fire on the police to ensure his own death.
While at the home, Noodles sees a photo of Deborah at the institution's dedication.
Noodles tracks down Deborah, now a successful actress.
He questions her about Secretary Bailey, telling her that he has received an invitation to a party at Bailey's house.
Deborah claims not to know much about Bailey, but Noodles already knows they have lived together for years.
In the end Deborah tells him Bailey was a starving immigrant who married a very wealthy woman who died in childbirth.
She begs him to not go to the party but leave via the back exit and not the main door of her dressing room, where a young man named David is waiting for her.
Noodles leaves via the main door and Deborah explains the young man is Secretary Bailey's son, named David (which is also Noodles' Christian name).
The next scene reveals Secretary Bailey to be Max.
Noodles meets with Max in his private room at the party.
Max explains that corrupt policemen helped him fake his own death, so that he could steal the gang's money and steal Noodles' love interest Deborah, in order to begin a new life as mr Bailey, a man with contacts to the teamsters' union.
Now faced with ruin and the spectre of a teamster assassination, Max asks Noodles to kill him.
Noodles refuses despite Max's permission and goading, because, in his eyes, Max died with the gang.
As Noodles leaves Bailey's estate, he hears a garbage truck start up and looks back to see a man standing at the driveway's gated entrance.
As he begins to walk towards Noodles, the truck passes between them.
The truck passes and Noodles sees its auger grinding down rubbish, the man nowhere to be seen.
Noodles reflects and the final scene of the film becomes a flashback to the young adult Noodles entering the opium den seen at the beginning of the movie after the murder of his gang, taking the drug and broadly grinning.
<EOS>
In Azusa, California in 1978, Rocky Dennis (Eric Stoltz), who suffers from craniodiaphyseal dysplasia, is accepted without question by his freewheeling biker mother's boyfriends, his "extended motorcycle family," and his maternal grandparents who share his love of baseball card collecting; but is treated with fear, pity, awkwardness, and teasing by those unaware of his humanity, humor, and intelligence.
Rocky's mother, Florence "Rusty" Dennis (Cher), is determined to give Rocky as normal a life as possible, in spite of her own wild ways as a member of the Turks biker gang, as well as her strained relationship with her parents.
She fights for Rocky's inclusion in a mainstream junior high school and confronts a principal who would rather relegate him to a special education school, despite the fact that his condition hasn't affected his intelligence.
They then go to the doctor for Rocky's semi-annual physical, where Rocky claims to be feeling well, despite continuing headaches, that his mother can sing away.
A young doctor tells Rusty that Rocky will probably not live for more than six months which Rusty scoffs at, as the doctors had been making predictions in the past that Rocky would be blind, deaf, mentally retarded, etc, none of which came to be.
Rocky goes on to thrive at school.
He wins friends by assisting a fellow student with remembering his locker combination.
Using humor when faced with an awkward silence during roll call, Rocky just repeats the prior new student's line, "Wow, thanks a lot".
The class turns to smile and laugh with Rocky.
He entertains his history class by giving a rendition of the story of the Trojan Horse and it being the turning point of the Trojan War.
Gradually overcoming discrimination and tutoring his classmates for $3 per hour, Rocky is asked by the principal to accept a job as a counselor's aide at Camp Bloomfield, a summer camp for blind children.
At his graduation from junior high, Rocky takes home academic achievement prizes in mathematics, history, and science.
Rocky feels the need to leave his chronically depressed and drug-addicted mother, and helps her break her drug habit.
At camp, Rocky falls in love with Diana Adams (Laura Dern), a blind girl who cannot see (but feels) his deformed skull and is entranced by Rocky's kindness and compassion.
Rocky uses his intelligence to explain to Diana words like "billowy," "clouds," "red," and "green" by using cotton balls as a touchable vision of "billowy clouds," a warm rock to explain "red" and "pink," and a frozen rock to explain "icy blue".
Diana introduces Rocky to her parents, who are put-off by Rocky's appearance, and do not want Diana to spend time with him.
Near the end of the film, Rocky faces the pain of separation from the two people to which he feels closest.
His dream of a motorbike trip through Europe collapses when his best friend Ben (Lawrence Monoson), who was to come with him, tells him that he is moving back to Michigan for good.
This drives Rocky into berating Ben and calling him "stupid", then finally revealing to Ben that he conned him out of a Rube Walker card.
However, Rocky feels better after taking a bus trip by himself to visit Diana at the equestrian stables, located near Griffith Park.
Diana tells Rocky that her parents prevented her from receiving his phone messages.
But then, she reveals that she is going away to a private school for the blind, and cannot be with him.
One evening when Rocky's "biker family" is visiting, Rocky is fighting a fierce headache and quietly withdraws to his room, removes the tacks from his map of Europe, and goes to bed.
The next morning, Rusty tries to wake up Rocky for school and flies into a fit of grief-stricken rage when she realizes he has died.
After destroying the kitchen, Rusty mourns the death of Rocky and says "Now you can go anywhere you want, baby".
She then re-pins his map of Europe.
The movie ends with Rocky's biker family Rusty, Gar, and Dozer, visiting his grave, leaving flowers and some 1955 Brooklyn Dodgers baseball cards by his headstone and a voice-over by Rocky himself, who recites the poem he wrote for English class earlier in the film.
<EOS>
The game features the return of Wario's nemesis, Captain Syrup.
Early one morning, she and a few of her soldiers, the Pirate Gooms (Spearmen, which are holdovers from Wario Land; several different levels deal with defeating a giant Spearman), sneak into Wario's Castle and cause havoc.
They steal his precious treasure and his beloved pet hen (called Hen), set off his giant alarm clock, and leave the tap running, flooding much of his castle.
After Wario wakes up and figures out what's going on, he gives chase across the surrounding lands.
<EOS>
One day, Wario's plane stalls and crashes while he is flying over the woods.
Uninjured, he spends the rest of his afternoon wandering amongst the trees and underbrush until he stumbles upon a mysterious cave.
Inside the cave, he discovers a magical music box and is suddenly sucked into it.
There, a mysterious figure informs Wario that he had once ruled the world inside the music box, until an evil being sealed away his magical powers in five music boxes.
In exchange for freeing it, the being promises to send Wario back to his own world and let him keep any treasure he finds.
Enticed by the thought of returning to his own world with a cache of treasure, Wario departs on his quest, in search of the music boxes and the many treasures of this mysterious land.
After collecting all the music boxes Wario returns to the temple inhabited by the mysterious being.
Once he is there, the music boxes play a medley together.
The medley frees the being, who, as it turns out, is Rudy the Clown.
It transpires that Rudy is in fact the villain and had been imprisoned, although not before turning the music box's inhabitants into monsters.
After Wario defeats Rudy, he is met by the inhabitants of the music box, now restored to their former selves.
They thank Wario and transport him back to his own world, along with the treasure that he has collected, as promised.
<EOS>
Wario is reading the newspaper when he notices an article about a mysterious pyramid found deep in the jungle.
The legend related to the pyramid is that of Princess Shokora, ruler of the pyramid, who was cursed by the money-crazed Golden Diva.
Without wasting time, Wario jumps into his Wario Car and speeds toward the pyramid.
As he enters it, he finds a black cat and chases it.
Doing so, he falls down a precipice and is stuck inside the pyramid.
After fighting his way through the entry passage and an early boss battle against Spoiled Rotten, Wario discovers four new passages.
After completing these passages, Wario gains access to the innermost part of the pyramid, which ends up being the stronghold of Golden Diva.
Wario meets the cat again, who turns out to be Princess Shokora.
Wario defeats Golden Diva and exits the pyramid with all his treasure.
What form Shokora returns to depends on the number of treasure chests Wario had acquired from the other bosses prior as well as how quickly the Golden Diva is defeated (this can range from a brattish child, a female version of Wario, a Peach-like princess and ultimately, a superheroine-like princess).
Shokora gives Wario a kiss on the cheek and ascends to the afterlife.
<EOS>
The game begins with Wario enjoying his newly built castle, which is filled with treasures that he has collected from earlier adventures.
An evil gem called Black Jewel, hidden amongst Wario's treasure collection, suddenly awakens and takes over Wario's castle.
Black Jewel turns Wario's treasure into monsters, and transforms the castle into four worlds called Excitement Central, Spooktastic World, Thrillsville and Sparkle Land, each consisting of two levels and a boss fight.
A central area allows access to the different worlds, as well as to the Treasure Square, where the Huge Treasure Box inside of which Black Jewel is hiding can be found.
Wario proceeds through the areas controlled by Black Jewel, recovering his treasure and rescuing Spritelings (the creatures had sealed Black Jewel away in the past), then obtains the key to the Huge Treasure Box and engages Black Jewel in a battle.
Wario's subsequent victory allows him to regain control of his castle.
During the game's ending, Wario's new castle quality depends on the number of Spiritelings rescued.
The worst-case scenario sees Wario with nothing but a campsite with his throne in a dark jungle, but if all 40 Spritelings were rescued, Wario is given a palace even grander than his previous one.
<EOS>
The story begins in Cairo where Okra (Akim Tamiroff), using a bikini-clad accomplice (Maria Grazia Buccella) as a distraction, hijacks $3 million in gold bullion.
The thieves need a way to smuggle the two tons of gold bars into Europe.
There are only four master criminals considered able to smuggle the gold: a Frenchman, so crippled he can barely move his wheelchair; an Irishman, so nearsighted that he is arrested after trying to hold up a police station instead of a bank; a German, so fat he can barely get through a door; and an Italian, Aldo Vanucci (Peter Sellers), also known as The Fox, a master criminal with a talent for disguise.
Vanucci is in prison.
He knows about the smuggling contract, but is reluctant to accept it, because he does not want to disgrace his mother and young sister, Gina (Britt Ekland).
However, when his three sidekicks inform him that Gina has grown up and does not always come home after school, an enraged, over-protective Vanucci vows to escape.
He succeeds by impersonating the prison doctor and convincing the guards that Vanucci has tied him up and escaped.
The guards capture the real doctor and bring him face to face with Vanucci, who flees with the aid of his gang.
Vanucci returns home where his mother tells him that Gina is working on the Via Veneto.
Vanucci takes this to mean that Gina is a prostitute.
Disguised as a priest, Aldo sees Gina, who is provocatively dressed, flirting and kissing a fat, middle-aged man.
Aldo attacks the man, but it turns out that Gina, who aspires to be a movie star, is merely acting in a low-budget film.
Aldo’s actions cost her the role, but he realizes that the smuggling job will make his family’s life better.
He makes contact with Okra and agrees to smuggle the gold into Italy for half of the take.
Meanwhile, two policemen are constantly on Vanucci’s trail, and he uses several disguises and tricks to throw them off.
After seeing a crowd mob over-the-hill American matinee idol Tony Powell (Victor Mature), it strikes Vanucci that movie stars and film crews are idolized and have free rein in society.
This idea forms the basis of his master plan.
Vanucci poses as an Italian neo-realist director named Federico Fabrizi.
He plans to bring the gold ashore in broad daylight as part of a scene in an avant-garde film.
To give the picture an air of legitimacy, he cons the vain Tony Powell to star in the film, blatantly titled The Gold of Cairo&nbsp;— a play on The Gold of Naples, a film De Sica directed in 1954.
Powell’s agent, Harry (Martin Balsam) is suspicious of Fabrizi, but his client wants to do the film.
Fabrizi enlists the starstruck population of Sevalio, a tiny fishing village, to unload the shipment.
However, when the boat carrying the gold is delayed, Fabrizi must actually shoot other scenes for his faux film to keep up the ruse.
The ship finally arrives and the townspeople unload the gold, but Okra double-crosses Vanucci and, using a movie smoke machine for cover, drives off with all of the gold.
A slapstick car chase ensues, ending with Okra, Vanucci and the police crashing into each other.
Vanucci, Tony Powell, Gina, Okra, and the villagers are accused of being co-conspirators.
As evidence against them, Vanucci’s "film" is shown in court.
An Italian film critic leaps to his feet and proclaims the disjointed footage to be a masterpiece.
Vanucci suffers a crisis of conscience and confesses his guilt in court, thereby vindicating the villagers, but proclaiming that he will escape from prison once again.
The film's final scene shows Vanucci escaping from prison by impersonating the prison doctor again.
This time, however, he ties the doctor up and walks out of the prison in his place.
As he attempts to remove the fake beard that is part of his disguise, he discovers that the beard is real, and realizes that the "wrong man" has escaped from prison.
<EOS>
Dr.
Frederick Frankenstein (Gene Wilder) is a lecturing physician at an American medical school and engaged to the tightly wound socialite Elizabeth (Madeline Kahn).
He becomes exasperated when anyone brings up the subject of his grandfather Victor Frankenstein (German , in English traditionally ), the infamous mad scientist; to dissociate himself from his forebear, Frederick insists that his surname is pronounced.
When a solicitor informs him that he has inherited his family's estate in Transylvania after the death of his great-grandfather, the Baron Beaufort von Frankenstein, Frederick travels to Europe to inspect the property.
At the Transylvania train station, he is met by a hunchbacked, bug-eyed servant named Igor (Marty Feldman), and a lovely young personal assistant named Inga (Teri Garr).
Upon arrival at the estate, Frederick meets the forbidding housekeeper Frau Blücher (Cloris Leachman).
Upon discovering the secret entrance to his grandfather's laboratory and reading his private journals, Frederick is so captivated that he decides to resume his grandfather's experiments in re-animating the dead.
He and Igor steal the corpse of a recently executed criminal, and Frederick sets to work experimenting on the large corpse.
Matters go awry when Igor is sent to steal the brain of a deceased revered historian, Hans Delbrück; startled by lightning, he drops and ruins Delbrück's brain.
Taking a second brain, Igor returns with a brain labeled "Do Not Use This Brain.
Abnormal", which Frederick unknowingly transplants into the corpse.
Soon, Frederick is ready to re-animate his creature (Peter Boyle), who is eventually brought to life by electrical charges during a lightning storm.
The creature makes its first halting steps, but, frightened by Igor lighting a match, he attacks Frederick and must be sedated.
Meanwhile, the townspeople are uneasy at the possibility of Frederick continuing his grandfather's work, unaware of the creature's existence; most concerned is Inspector Kemp (Kenneth Mars), a one-eyed police official with a prosthetic arm and a thick German accent.
Kemp visits the doctor and subsequently demands assurance that he will not create another monster.
Upon returning to the lab, Frederick discovers Blücher setting the creature free.
After she reveals the monster's love of violin music and her own romantic relationship with Frederick's grandfather, the creature is enraged by sparks from a thrown switch and escapes from the Frankenstein castle.
While roaming the countryside, the monster has frustrating encounters with a young girl and a blind hermit (Gene Hackman).
Frederick recaptures the monster and locks the two of them in a room, where he calms the monster's homicidal tendencies with flattery and fully acknowledges his own heritage, shouting out emphatically, "My name is Frankenstein.
".
Frederick offers the sight of "The Creature" following simple commands to a theater full of illustrious guests.
The demonstration continues with Frederick and the monster launching into the musical number "Puttin' On the Ritz".
However, the routine ends disastrously when a stage light explodes and frightens the monster, who becomes enraged and charges into the audience, where he is captured and chained by police.
Back in the laboratory, Inga attempts to comfort Frederick and the two wind up sleeping together on the suspended reanimation table.
The monster escapes with Elizabeth when she arrives unexpectedly for a visit.
Elizabeth falls in love with the creature due to his inhuman stamina and his enormous penis (referred to as Schwanstuker or Schwanzstück).
The townspeople hunt for the monster.
Desperate to get the creature back, Frederick plays the violin to lure his creation back to the castle.
Just as the Kemp-led mob storms the laboratory, Frankenstein transfers some of his stabilizing intellect to the creature who, as a result, is able to reason with and placate the mob.
Elizabeth marries the now erudite and sophisticated monster—with her hair styled identically to that of the female creature from the Bride of Frankenstein, while Inga joyfully learns what her new husband Frederick got in return during the transfer procedure—the monster's Schwanzstücker.
<EOS>
The film is a parody of the historical spectacular film genre anthology, including the sword and sandal epic and the period costume drama subgenres.
The four main segments consist of stories set during the Stone Age, the Roman Empire, the Spanish Inquisition, and the French Revolution.
Other intermediate skits include reenactments of the giving of the Ten Commandments and the Last Supper.
Cavemen (including Sid Caesar) depict the invention of fire, the first marriages, the first artist (which in turn gives rise to the first critic), and early attempts at comedy and music, by smashing each other's feet with rocks and thus creating an orchestra of screams (until performing a traditional song "Hallelujah" at the end).
Moses (Mel Brooks) is shown coming down from Mount Sinai carrying three stone tablets after receiving the Law from God (the voice of an uncredited Carl Reiner).
When announcing the giving of the reception of the law to the people, Moses proclaims, “The Lord Jehovah has given unto you these fifteen.
” (whereupon he drops one of the tablets, which promptly shatters) “Oy.
ten.
TEN Commandments.
For all to obey.
” Comicus (Brooks again), a stand-up philosopher, is notified by his agent Swiftus (Ron Carey) that he has landed a gig at Caesar's palace.
En route to the palace Comicus meets and falls in love with a Vestal Virgin named Miriam (Mary-Margaret Humes) and befriends an Ethiopian slave named Josephus (Gregory Hines).
Josephus' life is spared when he is conscripted into the service of the Empress Nympho (Madeline Kahn).
In ancient Roman culture, Miriam could have freed Josephus just by touching him, because she was a vestal virgin.
Comicus' arrival at Caesar's palace was filmed at the Caesars Palace hotel in Las Vegas.
At the Palace, Emperor Nero (Dom DeLuise) gorges on food, ogles pretty maidens and waits to be entertained.
Comicus forgets his audience and begins to crack insulting one-liners about the emperor's abundant body contours and corrupt ways.
Josephus absentmindedly pours a jug of wine into Nero's lap and is ordered to fight Comicus to the death in a gladiatorial manner.
They fight their way out of the palace, assisted in their escape by Miriam, Empress Nympho and a horse named Miracle.
After Miriam helps Comicus, Josephus and Swiftus briefly find refuge in Empress Nympho's home, Josephus is "outed" among a row of eunuchs after "reacting" to a seductive dancer's performance, and the group is chased by Roman soldiers led by Marcus Vindictus (Shecky Greene).
As the soldiers gain on the group's cart (pulled by Miracle), Josephus instructs them to pull over in a field and requests lots of papyrus.
He takes "Roman Red" marijuana which is growing alongside the road and rolls it into the papyrus, forming a device he calls Mighty Joint, sets fire to it and mounts it to the back of their chariot, trailing smoke into the chasing army.
The resulting smoke confuses and incapacitates the trailing Roman army.
The escaping group then sets sail from the port to Judea.
While waiting tables at a restaurant, Comicus blunders into a private room where the Last Supper is taking place, as Jesus is telling the apostles "One of you has betrayed me tonight".
The Apostles are asking "Who.
".
Comicus says "JUDAS".
Judas, startled, almost jumps out of his seat as Comicus replies "Do you want a beverage.
", and interrupting  Jesus (John Hurt) repeatedly (using his name as an expression for dismay or concern, right in front of him).
Eventually, Leonardo da Vinci (Art Metrano) arrives to paint the group’s portrait.
Dissatisfied that he can only see the backs of half of their heads, he has them move to one side of the table and paints them with Comicus behind Jesus, holding a silver plate which doubles as a halo.
The Spanish Inquisition segment is performed in the style of a grandiose Busby Berkeley production.
The segment is one long song-and-dance number featuring Brooks as the infamous Torquemada.
The segment opens with a herald introducing Torquemada and making a play on his name, noting that despite the pleas for mercy from the condemned, that you "can't Torquemada anything" (talk him outta anything).
Several instances of "comical" torture are shown including a spinning iron maiden and "water torture" re-imagined as an Esther Williams-style aquatic ballet with nuns.
Jackie Mason and Ronny Graham have cameos in this scene as Jewish torture victims.
In the tavern of Madame Defarge (Cloris Leachman) she incites a mob to plot the French Revolution.
Meanwhile, King Louis of France (Brooks again) is warned by his advisors, Count de Monet (played by Harvey Korman and mistakenly called "Count da Money" by the king and others) and his associate Béarnaise (Andreas Voutsinas), that the peasants do not think he likes them — a suspicion reinforced by the king's use of peasants as clay pigeons in a murderous (and humorous) game of skeet.
A beautiful woman, Mademoiselle Rimbaud (Pamela Stephenson), asks King Louis to free her father, who has been imprisoned in the Bastille for 10 years because he said "the poor ain't so bad".
He agrees to the pardon under the condition that she have sex with him that night, while threatening that should she refuse, her father will die.
He then gives her 10 seconds to decide between "hump or death" and at the last second she agrees to "hump".
De Monet manages to convince the king that the revolution is building and he needs to go into hiding, so they will need a stand-in to pretend to be him.
Thus Jacques (also Brooks), the garçon de pisse (aka.
"piss-boy"), is chosen to impersonate the real king.
Later that night, M Rimbaud, unaware of the subterfuge, arrives and offers herself to the piss-boy who is dressed as the king.
As she invites him to take her virginity, he pardons her father without requiring the sexual favors.
After M Rimbaud and her senile father (Spike Milligan) return from the prison, the peasants burst into the room and capture the piss-boy “king” and M Rimbaud.
They are taken to the guillotine for the crimes committed by the crown.
When asked if he would like a blindfold or any last words, Jacques declines.
However, when they test the guillotine, Jacques make a final request for Novocain.
The executioner declares "there is no such thing known to medical science", to which Jacques replies "I'll wait".
Just as Jacques is about to be beheaded M Rimbaud muses that "only a miracle can save him now", and Josephus arrives in a cart pulled by Miracle, the horse from the film's Roman Empire segment.
They all escape Paris, riding away in the cart.
The last shot is of the party approaching a mountain carved with the words “THE END.
” The end of the film presents a teaser trailer for History of the World, Part II, narrated by Brooks, which promises to include Hitler on Ice, a Viking funeral, and Jews in Space, a parody of Star Wars set to music (whose tune would later be recycled for the title song of Brooks' — an actual, separate Brooks parody of sci-fi films would come along six years later, focusing primarily on Star Wars and including numerous Jewish jokes).
Despite the preview, no sequel has been released, and the “Part I” of the film’s title is merely a historical joke (The History of the World was a book about the ancient history of Greece and Rome, written by Sir Walter Raleigh while prisoner in the Tower of London; he had only managed to complete the first volume before being beheaded).
<EOS>
The story begins at Los Angeles International Airport, where dr Richard Thorndyke (Mel Brooks) has several odd encounters (such as a homosexual man disguised as a police officer, and a passing bus with a full orchestra playing inside it).
He is taken by his driver, Brophy (Ron Carey) to the Psycho-Neurotic Institute for the Very Very Nervous, where he has been hired as a replacement for dr Ashley, who died mysteriously.
Brophy has a condition of nervousness, and he takes pictures when he gets nervous.
Upon his arrival, Thorndyke is greeted by the staff, dr Charles Montague (Harvey Korman), dr Philip Wentworth (Dick Van Patten), and Nurse Charlotte Diesel (Cloris Leachman).
When he goes to his room, a large rock is thrown through the window, with a message of welcome from the violent ward.
Thorndyke hears strange noises coming from Nurse Diesel's room and he and Brophy go to investigate.
Diesel claims it was the TV, but it was actually a passionate session of BDSM with dr Montague.
The next morning, Thorndyke is alerted by a light shining through his window.
It is coming from the violent ward.
dr Montague takes Thorndyke to the light's source, the room of patient Arthur Brisbane (Charlie Callas), who thinks he is a Cocker Spaniel.
Wentworth and Diesel argue about whether he can leave the institute.
After she lets him go, he drives home, but the car has been rigged to blast rock music loudly through the radio.
Wentworth is trapped in his car, his ears hemorrhage, and he dies from a stroke, aggravated by the loud music.
Thorndyke and Brophy travel to San Francisco, where Thorndyke is to speak at a psychiatric convention.
He checks in to the atriumed, vertigo-inducing Hyatt Regency San Francisco, where much to his dismay he is assigned a room on the top floor, due to a reservation change by a "Mr.
MacGuffin".
He pesters the bellboy (Barry Levinson) with repeated requests for a newspaper, wanting to look in the obituaries for information concerning dr Wentworth's demise.
He then takes a shower, during which the bellboy comes and in a frenzy mimics stabbing Thorndyke with the paper while screaming "Here's your paper.
Happy now.
Happy.
" The paper's ink runs down the drain.
After his shower, Victoria Brisbane (Madeline Kahn), the daughter of Arthur Brisbane, bursts through the door.
She wants help in removing her father from the institute.
She says that Nurse Diesel and dr Montague are exaggerating the illnesses of wealthy patient so the institute can bilk rich families of millions of dollars.
Thorndyke agrees to help after discovering that the patient he met was not the real Arthur Brisbane.
To stop Thorndyke, Diesel and Montague hire "Braces" (Rudy De Luca), the silver-braced man who organized dr Ashley's and Wentworth's murders, to impersonate Thorndyke and shoot a man in the lobby.
Now with the police after him, Thorndyke must prove his innocence.
After he is briefly attacked by pigeons, he contacts Brophy, and realizes Brophy took a picture of the shooting.
The real Thorndyke was in the elevator at the time, so he should be in the picture.
He orders Brophy to enlarge the picture.
When he goes to call, "Braces" tries to strangle him; however, Thorndyke is able to kill him.
Brophy enlarges the photo, and Thorndyke is indeed visible in the picture.
Nurse Diesel and Montague capture Brophy and take him to the North Wing.
They also take the real Arthur Brisbane (Albert Whitlock) to a tower to kill him.
Thorndyke suffers from "high anxiety", which prevents him from climbing the tower's steep stairs and helping Brisbane.
But with the help of his friends, he overcomes his phobia.
Thorndyke knocks Diesel's orderly (Lee Delano) out a tower window, saving Brisbane.
Nurse Diesel leaps out from the shadows and attacks Throndyke with a broom, but falls out the tower window.
She falls to her death, laughing hysterically and riding the broom.
dr Montague appears from the shadows and gives up before being accidentally knocked unconscious by Brophy.
Victoria is reunited with her father, gets married to Thorndyke, and they go off on their honeymoon.
<EOS>
The player controls PRISM, the world's first sentient computer, in the year 2031.
The economy of the United States of North America (USNA) is failing.
Great numbers of youths are turning to "Joybooths" (a device which directly stimulates the sensory input of the brain) and committing suicide by overstimulation.
A new arms race involving nuclear weapons no larger than the size of a common pack of cigarettes threatens to turn the USNA into a police state.
Unaware that it is a sophisticated computer, PRISM has been living for 11 years (in real-world time; 20 years have passed within the simulation) as an ordinary human, "Perry Simm".
dr Abraham Perelman, PRISM's "father", informs Perry of his true nature and gently brings him from simulation mode into reality.
Perelman explains that he has awakened PRISM so a vital mission can be performed: running a simulation of a revitalization plan (dubbed the Plan for Renewed National Purpose), sponsored by Senator Richard Ryder.
The plan calls for "renewed national purpose" through de-regulation of government and industry, military conscription, a unilateral approach to diplomatic relations, trade protectionism, and a return to traditional and fundamental values.
While in simulation mode, Perry is able to record experiences in a buffer which will be analyzed to evaluate the success of the plan.
If Perry "dies" in the simulation, it is not catastrophic; the simulation can simply be reset and reentered.
Note: The following description is based on the player making the correct choices and successfully completing the game.
The simulation initially focuses on the fictional small town of Rockvil, South Dakota, 10 years after the plan has been implemented.
Given a list of public, civil, and private areas to record for evaluation, Perry enters the simulation to find a revitalized Rockvil in 2041.
The government is more efficient, the economy has improved, food is plentiful, and his simulated wife (Jill) and son (Mitchell) are hopeful for the future.
When the recordings are brought back and evaluated, the plan is deemed viable and preparations to implement it are begun.
Perelman, however, feels uneasy recommending such a sweeping plan based on relatively little data.
He is also distrustful of the plan.
(When PRISM asks Perelman about himself, Perelman mentions that politically, he has "always been pretty liberal.
".
Conservative elements are considered to be the plan's strongest supporters based on statistical sampling, although the plan has the support of a majority of both liberals and conservatives) In a passing comment to PRISM, Perelman notes that further simulation might allow more in-depth evaluation of the long-term effects of the plan.
With nothing further to do, PRISM enters sleep mode; he has no physical body that requires rest, but since his mind is based on that of a human, sleep is necessary for his mental well-being.
After waking, PRISM finds that the Simulation Controller has correlated enough data from the initial test period to provide a further projection of 20 years into the future.
With dr Perelman occupied with other concerns, PRISM begins the new simulation.
By 2051, Rockvil has begun to decline, as the optimism granted by the plan wanes.
Pollution has increased as woodlands are stripped and converted into filthy industrial districts, the trees that aren't cut down are damaged by acid rain.
The Border Security Force, created to defend the nation against Soviet nuclear terrorism, conducts warrantless raids on people seemingly at random, including Perry's family.
Capital punishment has been expanded; two defendants are seen facing the death penalty for attempted rape.
Due to rising crime, a government-initiated curfew is now in effect.
A new cult, The Church of God's Word, arises and finds many supporters within the increasingly discontented public.
Perry quietly records all this and presents it to Perelman for evaluation.
Examining PRISM's recordings, Perelman expresses concern and cautiously suggests further investigation.
Once again, the Simulation Controller has gathered enough information to create another new simulation era, this one 30 years after the plan's implementation.
Perry enters to find matters even worse.
By 2061 water pollution is nearing catastrophic levels.
The BSF and local police treat the public savagely.
Public executions of criminals are televised and are extremely popular.
Vandalism and cruelty to people and animals alike are rampant; children can be seen at the zoo torturing a defenseless animal, and Church of God's Word youths are seen harassing an old Jew.
Public services are in disarray.
The quality and supply of food dwindles.
The Church has grown to gain a stranglehold on the nation, establishing a caste-like system of social classes and seducing Perry's son Mitchell to abandon his family.
Once again, Perry discreetly records onerous events.
Perelman is deeply disturbed by the recordings, but is acutely aware of the powerful people behind the plan.
Exhaustive evidence will be needed to discredit the plan, so he asks PRISM to enter a simulation set 40 years in the future.
By 2071, the future is grim indeed.
The Church has installed itself as a new totalitarian government.
A Church newsletter reveals that higher-echelon Church members are allowed to own slaves.
Mitchell, now an official in the Church, leads a raid on his parents' home and has Jill arrested for heresy.
("She spake against the Church," Mitchell charges, "[and] tried to poison the mind of a child too young to know the Truth".
) The zoo now holds regular torture sessions against its starved and neglected animal population, a banner is seen proclaiming this fact.
Thuggish security guards assault any unauthorized persons entering the buildings they guard.
Strict rationing is in effect for the miserable food available; if Perry attempts to use his ration card twice within one day, he is arrested, and quickly tried and executed.
Attempting to enter one of the few food establishments leads to rough dismissal, since patronage is reserved for Church members.
The public executions of the past have given way to bloody gladiatorial matches between condemned criminals.
Sudden and random death is frequent: Perry is shot by a drunken officer after curfew, and he is stoned to death in a schoolyard by Church youths, who view the sickly, malnourished Perry as little more than an animal.
Perry yet again is recording the near-chaos.
These recordings still aren't quite enough to satisfy Perelman.
The doctor feels that there might yet be some small hope for revival, and sends PRISM to the final projection of 2081, 50 years after the implementation of the plan promised to save the nation.
There is no salvation.
The environment has been devastated.
The small area of Rockvil that can be survived is a wasteland, and society has collapsed into complete chaos.
Telephone poles have been chopped down for firewood.
Buildings collapse into rubble.
Defenseless people are ripped to shreds both by packs of wild dogs and barbaric humans.
No edible food is available to Perry, who eventually dies of hunger should he survive until then.
Perry makes recordings of several brief moments of life cut violently short, and then leaves the hellish projection for good.
At last Perelman feels that enough evidence exists to declare the plan a complete disaster.
As he prepares to leave and present PRISM's findings to the government, he thanks the computer for its efforts; without them, the nation, and perhaps even the entire world, would have been doomed.
Left once again with nothing else to do, PRISM enters Sleep Mode.
The computer "wakes" again hours later to find that the facility where it is housed is under lockdown by the Dakota-Manitoba National Guard.
Senator Ryder sees the discrediting of "his" plan as a personal insult.
Incensed, he ignores the evidence of its disastrous consequences and decides to make Perelman pay.
Ryder bursts into Perelman's office and proceeds to berate him until his implied threats escalate to explicit ones.
PRISM surreptitiously begins recording the senator's abuse via an audio/video link.
Delivering a final spate of insults and promises of violence, Ryder leaves.
PRISM waits for an interface to a global newsfeed to become active so the recorded incident can be transmitted.
Shortly after Ryder storms off, a small craft lands on the building's roof and four men dressed as maintenance workers make their way towards PRISM's maintenance core.
They seem suspiciously out of place, especially when they start tinkering with the cooling systems.
Realizing that the men are goons of Ryder's, PRISM closes ventilation to the area via the HVAC controller; fumes accumulate quickly and render the assailants unconscious.
They are soon discovered by the National Guard and medically evacuated.
When the global newsfeed interface becomes available, PRISM broadcasts Ryder's attempts at intimidation around the world.
The plan is thoroughly discredited and Senator Ryder is publicly disgraced.
Perelman lauds PRISM for the initiative it has shown in recording the incident and in protecting itself from harm.
As a reward for the outstanding service it has performed for the nation, PRISM – or rather, Perry – is allowed to "retire" into a final simulation—a USNA in which a "new" plan based on pacifism and social welfare-statism has been implemented.
Perry is reunited with his family in the year 2091; he, his wife and son are happy and prosperous, and Perry looks towards his golden years with joy and anticipation.
<EOS>
Enterprise, despite losing most of its map data, continues to traverse a series of spatial anomalies in the Delphic Expanse.
When heavily damaged by a particularly dangerous vortex, Enterprise is suddenly pulled clear by an Andorian ship.
The ship's leader, Shran, claims he is only interested in helping Enterprise in its mission to subvert the Xindi's weapon, in the interest of forming a closer alliance with humanity.
With the Andorian's true motives unknown, Captain Archer agrees to allow them to work together to repair their ship and to scan the test-site of the Xindi weapon.
When the test-device overloads, Shran permits Archer to command his crew in the coming battle.
With Enterprise distracting the Xindi, the Andorian vessel grabs the weapon and stores it aboard.
With the prize secured, it is revealed that the Andorians actually have no interest in helping the humans, but are rather self-serving: they merely want to acquire the weapon to give them an advantage in their border conflict with the Vulcans.
Archer is then escorted to an escape-pod.
Soon back aboard Enterprise, he threatens to detonate the weapon unless the Andorians surrender it.
This ultimatum is resisted by Shran, but when Archer activates the detonation sequence, he reluctantly ejects it.
The weapon explodes, damaging the Andorian ship but leaving Enterprise unscathed.
As Enterprise resumes its mission, they intercept a hidden transmission, containing highly detailed scans of the prototype.
Realizing Shran did indeed help them, since "whoever sent it obviously didn't want it to be noticed", Archer laughs and orders it transmitted to Starfleet.
<EOS>
Frederick Altamont Cornwalis Twistleton, fifth Earl of Ickenham, known to all as Uncle Fred, is on the loose once again (Lady Ickenham having decamped for a wedding in Trinidad), and Reginald ("Pongo") Twistleton, his long-suffering nephew (and Drones Club member) has every right to be petrified.
Uncle Fred has just arrived at Ashenden Manor, home of Sir Aylmer Bostock, Pongo's future father-in-law.
Pongo is already in residence and has committed two rank floaters: accidentally smashing a whatnot from Sir Aylmer's collection of African curios, and (in the course of demonstrating how Brazilian natives kill birds with rude slings) smashing a coveted bust of his host.
Pongo's solution is to replace the busted bust with another one, abstracted from Ickenham hall.
But unknown to him, the replacement bust was fashioned by his former fiancée Sally Painter, and conceals valuable jewellery that a friend of hers was planning to smuggle through New York Customs.
Sally tries to replace the bust with another of Sir Aylmer she sculpted (but had had returned to her, after an unfortunate incident relating to her brother Otis' publication of Sir Aylmer's memoirs), but this comes to naught, and both busts end up in Sir Aylmer's collection room.
Uncle Fred is unruffled by this setback and decides to infiltrate the house as an imposter.
Having met Bill Oakshott (an unassuming young man who is the actual owner of Ashenden Manor, but who shrinks from confronting and displacing his bombastic, overbearing uncle Sir Aylmer) on the train, Uncle Fred contrives to get invited to the house&mdash;under the name of Major Brabazon-Plank.
Unfortunately, the local Constable, Harold Potter, happens to have grown up with Major Plank (and also happens to remember arresting Uncle Fred and Pongo at the dog races under the names of Edwin Smith and George Robinson).
Potter, intimately tied to the household through his fiancée, the housemaid Elsie Bean, becomes suspicious, and watches the house.
Uncle Fred's tasks are: to snatch the bust for Sally Painter; get Sir Aylmer to drop his suit against Otis, so that Sally will not lose the money she invested in his firm; convince Pongo that Hermione Bostock is not the proper wife for him and that Sally is; restore Bill Oakshott to his place as head of his family home and unite him with Hermione, whom he has loved for years; and convince Constable Potter not only to not arrest him, but indeed to quit the force so he and Elsie Bean may live happily ever after.
Complications arise, including the arrival of the real Major Brabazon-Plank&mdash; but his menace is neutralized because of his horror of judging the Bonnie Babies competition at the Ashenden Oakshott Fête, and honor for which Uncle Fred, as the ersatz Major, has volunteered.
Bill Oakshott finds inspiration in the dominant hero of Ethel Dell's 'The Way of an Eagle'.
The story has also been adapted as a serial in six half-hour episodes for BBC Radio 4, starring Richard Briers as Uncle Fred and Hugh Grant as Pongo, with narration by Paul Eddington.
Uncle Fred and Pongo would return in Cocktail Time (1958) and Service With a Smile (1961).
<EOS>
On Santorini island, Greece, a strong earthquake uncovers the Luna Temple.
The temple was built by Alexander the Great to house his most prized treasures.
Among these treasures is a glowing orb with a pattern resembling a code etched into it.
Lara (Angelina Jolie) finds this orb; but crime lord Chen Lo (Simon Yam) attacks her group, kills her two companions and takes the orb.
Lara escapes with a strange medallion.
MI6 approaches Lara with information about Pandora's box.
It is an object from ancient legends that supposedly contains a deadly plague (the companion to the origin of life itself).
They need to get it before Jonathan Reiss (Ciarán Hinds)—a Nobel Prize winning scientist turned bio-terrorist—does.
The box, hidden in the mysterious Cradle of Life, can only be found with a magical sphere that serves as a map.
The same sphere was stolen by Chen Lo, who plans to sell the sphere to Reiss.
Lara agrees to help them, with the condition that they release her old flame Terry Sheridan (Gerard Butler), who is familiar with Chen Lo's criminal operation.
Together, Terry and Lara infiltrate Chen Lo's lair, where he is smuggling the Terracotta Soldiers.
Lara defeats him in a fight and learns the location of the orb.
Lara and Terry then meet up with Kosa (Djimon Hounsou), an African friend.
They question a local tribe about the Cradle of Life.
The tribe's Chief states that the Cradle of Life is in a crater protected by the "Shadow Guardians".
As they set out on an expedition, Reiss' men ambush them and kill the tribesmen.
Outnumbered, Lara surrenders.
Using her companions as hostages, Reiss forces Lara to lead him to the Cradle of Life.
At the crater, they encounter the Shadow Guardians, humanoid creatures that appear in and out of wet patches on dead trees.
The creatures kill most of Reiss' men.
Lara manages to find the "key hole" and drops the Orb in it.
The Guardians disintegrate and the entrance to the Cradle of Life opens.
Lara and Reiss are drawn into the Cradle, a labyrinth made of a strange crystalline substance.
Inside, they find a pool of highly corrosive black acid (linking back to one of the myths about Pandora's box), in which the box floats.
Normal laws of physics seem not to apply, as Lara and Reiss are able to walk upside down along the ceiling of the cave.
Terry arrives, frees the hostages and catches up to Lara.
Lara fights Reiss, and knocks him into the acid pool after Terry distracts him.
The acid kills and dissolves Reiss.
Terry then announces the intention to take the box for himself.
When he refuses to back down, Lara regretfully shoots him dead, replaces the box in the pool and leaves.
<EOS>
Interaction plots show possible interactions among variables.
Consider a study of the body temperature of different species at different air temperatures.
The data are shown in the table below.
The interaction plot may use either the air temperature or the species as the x axis.
The second factor is represented by lines on the interaction plot.
There is an interaction between the two factors (air temperature and species) in their effect on the response (body temperature), because the effect of the air temperature depends on the species.
The interaction is indicated on the plot because the lines are not parallel.
As a second example, consider a clinical trial on the interaction between stroke severity and the efficacy of a drug on patient survival.
The data are shown in the table below.
In the interaction plot, the lines for the mild and moderate stroke groups are parallel, indicating that the drug has the same effect in both groups, so there is no interaction.
The line for the severe stroke group is not parallel to the other lines, indicating that there is an interaction between stroke severity and drug effect on survival.
The line for the severe stroke group is flat, indicating that, among these patients, there is no difference in survival between the drug and placebo treatments.
In contrast, the lines for the mild and moderate stroke groups slope down to the right, indicating that, among these patients, the placebo group has lower survival than drug-treated group.
<EOS>
Las Noches de Diciembre (Spanish, "The Nights of December") is a small terrorist cell led by renegade newspaper columnist Skip Wiley, a brilliant-but-insane Uncle Duke-like character, as El Fuego.
Wiley believes that the only way to save Florida's natural beauty from destruction is to violently dissuade tourists from visiting and/or settling in the state.
Recruiting three comrades with similar axes to grind against the Florida establishment, they begin a spree of flashy kidnappings, murders, and bombings to frighten off new arrivals into the Sunshine State.
Fittingly, their first victim isD.
"Sparky" Harper, the head of the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce.
Harper's body is found stuffed into an oversized suitcase, dressed in a garish tourist outfit and smeared with suntan oil, and with his legs amputated.
Next, Wiley's gang starts kidnapping and murdering random tourists and Florida residents, many of whom are fed to a giant North American Crocodile (nicknamed "Pavlov").
Brian Keyes, a private investigator and former news reporter for the Miami Sun, is hired by the Public Defender's office to help defend the police's prime suspect in Sparky Harper's murder, a petty burglar named Ernesto Cabal, who was caught driving Harper's stolen car.
Brian is inclined to believe that Harper's murder is much too bizarre to be Ernesto's work, but the Miami police, in their eagerness to close the case, dismiss him.
Ernesto commits suicide when his own lawyer states that the case is a lost cause.
Brian is then hired by Nell Bellamy (the wife of the first tourist victim) to find her missing husband, and by his old mentor, Sun editor Cab Mulcahy, to locate Wiley, who has disappeared.
After an uncomfortable encounter with Wiley's girlfriend, Jenna (Brian's ex-girlfriend), Keyes tracks Wiley to a cabin in the Everglades, where he is abducted by Las Noches.
Wiley reveals himself as the group's leader, and tells Brian that his job is to return to Miami (alive), and spread the word of Las Noches demands.
But Wiley also says that he is not ready to have his own role exposed yet, and warns Brian that if he does so, then the violence will escalate, immediately and horribly.
To drive home the fact that Las Noches is serious, Wiley has Keyes witness as their latest victim, retiree Ida Kimmelman, is fed to Pavlov.
Keyes tries to stop the murder, and is stabbed in the back by one of the gang, a Cuban named Jesús Bernal.
Keyes is returned to the city and treated in the hospital.
Since it is the start of the tourist season, the police's initial reaction to Keyes's warnings is to cover up, dismissing the Las Noches communiques as a hoax.
Sun reporter Ricky Bloodworth uncovers the letters and writes an article on the letters, but misspells the name of the group, as "Las Nachos".
The terrorists retaliate by triggering several bombs in public places, forcing the authorities to take them seriously.
Keyes's old friend, Detective Al Garcia is appointed head of a task force to catch the terrorists.
Based on Wiley's hints, Keyes, Mulcahy, and Garcia deduce that the terrorists plan to kidnap Miami's much-touted Orange Bowl Queen, in the most spectacularly public fashion possible.
Since the civic leaders flatly refuse to cancel the Orange Bowl Parade, or to allow police guards to be seen near the beauty queen, Garcia suggests hiring Keyes as her undercover bodyguard.
Keyes is pleasantly surprised when the recently crowned beauty queen, Kara Lynn Shivers (19), turns out to be an intelligent, self-possessed, and thoroughly sensible person.
She actually hates the whole beauty queen "racket," and takes part only to indulge her father's fanatic dreams of making her a star.
She and Keyes quickly find common ground and grow closer, eventually developing a relationship.
While escorting her home from a tennis game, Keyes catches Jesús Bernal loitering in the parking lot, doing a lackluster job of surveilling the Orange Bowl Queen.
Bernal is not paying enough attention, and Keyes beats him soundly, armed with nothing but a tennis racket.
Furious, Wiley informs the gang that Bernal has thrown away their psychological advantage by revealing himself and their plans too soon.
To regain it, Wiley announces that he's devised a new plan.
Bernal, simmering with humiliation and aching for reinstatement with the anti-Castro terrorist group he was expelled from, decides to proceed with his own agenda.
Abandoning Las Noches, he sends a mail bomb to Al Garcia, whom he identifies as a "traitor" to the anti-Castro movement.
Farcically, the bomb is instead opened by an over-eager Ricky Bloodworth, illegally sifting Garcia's mail for clues about the terrorists.
Because of Bernal's poor construction, the bomb does not kill Bloodworth, it only injures him.
Garcia never learns that the bomb was addressed to him, and the bombing is attributed to Wiley's gang.
The next evening, Wiley unleashes his new plan: buzzing the deck of the pre-Orange Bowl Friendship Cruise out at sea in a helicopter, Wiley promises to give the tourists on board some "real Florida souvenirs," and drops hundreds of shopping bags from posh vendors onto the deck – which, when ripped open by the frenzied tourists, contain live snakes.
Chaos envelops the deck of the cruise ship, and one foolish passenger yells "abandon ship.
" causing all of them to dive off into the ocean.
As the Coast Guard is rescuing them, the helicopter flies away, but unexpectedly crashes at sea before it reaches land.
No bodies are recovered.
Believing that Las Noches are dead, the Miami civil leaders breathe a sigh of relief.
Keyes and Garcia remain skeptical, however, and insist that their security precautions remain in place until after the Orange Bowl Parade.
In a last-ditch attempt at redemption, Jesús Bernal kidnaps Garcia at gunpoint and drives him out to Key Largo for a flashy execution.
Garcia is wounded in the shoulder by Bernal's shotgun, but Keyes manages to track them down and kills Bernal with a pistol shot.
To Keyes's surprise, the Parade comes and goes without any sign of Wiley or his gang.
The next day, Cab Mulcahy writes his own front-page account of the tourist murders, revealing his own knowledge of Wiley's role in the killings and apologizing to his readers for withholding it.
The evening after the Parade is the Orange Bowl game itself.
In the stands, Keyes realizes, belatedly, that Kara Lynn is supposed to make a brief appearance during the game's halftime show.
With all their security measures focused on the Parade, the game is a perfect opportunity for Las Noches, alive and well, to strike.
In the chaos, Kara Lynn is kidnapped and carried out of the stadium on an airboat, though one of the gang, ex-football player "Viceroy" Wilson is shot to death by a Shriner friend of Theodore Bellamy, acting as Kara Lynn's unofficial escort.
With the police rushing around in confusion, Keyes goes directly to Jenna's house and examines Wiley's old press clippings.
Quickly deducing where Wiley has gone, Keyes drags Jenna along with him.
Wiley has taken Kara Lynn to Osprey Island, a small nature preserve in the middle of Biscayne Bay.
When Kara Lynn recovers from her drugged sleep, Wiley is taken aback, and sorrowful, that she is, contrary to his expectations, an intelligent and unspoiled young woman.
Regretfully he reveals his final plan: the surface of the island has been mined with dynamite, to be exploded at dawn, to allow for the construction of a snazzy new condominium complex.
Wiley plans to leave Kara Lynn there, with the island's other remaining wildlife, just to illustrate to the greedy developers of Florida the consequences of their rampant development – as he puts it, the island's native flora and fauna have zero value for such people, but they might stop and think if their dynamite blows up the only species on earth they actually care about: "a future customer".
Before Wiley can go, however, Keyes arrives and disables Wiley with a bullet to the leg.
The fisherman who dropped Keyes off refused to wait around, so Keyes demands to know where Wiley anchored his boat.
At first, Wiley refuses to tell, prepared to let the dynamite claim himself, Keyes, and Kara Lynn all at once.
But he is horrified to learn that Keyes has brought Jenna along, and surrenders the boat's location.
To Keyes's surprise, he refuses to go along with them, preferring to stay on the island.
As they speed away from the island, Keyes, Kara Lynn, and Jenna look back and see an amazing spectacle: Wiley is climbing a tree (bad leg and all), trying feverishly to scare a bald eagle nesting there into taking flight before the dynamite explodes.
The novel ends just as the "all clear" signal for the detonation is sounded, with the three of them whispering the same prayer: "Please fly away".
<EOS>
Shortly after the events of the first Darius, protagonists Proco and Tiat help refugees from the planet Darius flee from the destruction caused by the Belser Army.
They eventually find and set up a temporary colony on a planet named Vadis.
Suddenly, Belser rises again and launches a surprise attack on a spaceport on Darius, which was being used to help ferry the remaining Darians to Vadis.
The remaining refugees are killed, and Belser sets course for Vadis.
A fleet of Silver Hawks are sent to fend off Belser, but are easily annihilated.
Once again, Proco and Tiat are given no choice but to fight off Belser once more.
<EOS>
After moving from Michigan to Florida, Aileen Wuornos, a prostitute, meets Selby Wall in a gay bar.
After initial hostility and declaring that she is not gay, Aileen talks to Selby over beers.
Selby takes to Aileen almost immediately, as she likes that she is very protective of her.
Selby invites her to spend the night with her.
They return to the house where Selby is staying (temporarily exiled by her parents following the accusation from another girl that Selby tried to kiss her).
They later agree to meet at a roller skating rink, and they kiss for the first time.
Aileen and Selby fall in love, but they have nowhere to go, so Selby goes back to her aunt's home.
After being raped and brutalized by a client, Vincent Corey, Aileen kills him in self-defense and decides to quit prostitution.
She confesses her action to Selby, while Selby has been angry with her for not supporting the two of them.
Aileen tries to find legitimate work; but because of her lack of qualifications and criminal history, prospective employers reject her and are occasionally openly hostile.
Desperate for money, she returns to prostitution.
She robs and kills her johns, each killed in a more brutal way than the last, as she is convinced that they are all trying to rape her.
She spares one man out of pity when he admits he has never had sex with a prostitute but eventually kills another man who, instead of exploiting her, offers help.
Aileen uses the money she steals from her victims to indulge herself and Selby.
However, as Selby reads in the papers about the string of murders, she begins to suspect that Aileen may have committed them.
She confronts Aileen, who justifies her actions by claiming she was only protecting herself.
Horrified, Selby returns to Ohio on a charter bus.
Aileen is eventually arrested at a biker bar and speaks to Selby one last time while in jail.
Selby reveals some incriminating information over the telephone and Aileen realizes that the police are listening in.
To protect her lover, Aileen admits she committed the murders alone.
During Aileen's trial, Selby testifies against her.
Aileen is convicted and sentenced to death.
On October 9, 2002, Aileen is executed by lethal injection.
<EOS>
The story is set in 1916.
Bill (Gere), a Chicago manual laborer, knocks down and kills a boss (Margolin) in the steel mill where he works.
He flees to the Texas Panhandle with his girlfriend Abby (Adams) and younger sister Linda (Manz), who provides the film narration.
Bill and Abby pretend to be siblings to prevent gossip.
The three hire on as part of a large group of seasonal workers with a rich, shy farmer (Shepard).
The farmer learns that he is dying, although the nature of the illness is not specified.
After the farmer falls in love with Abby, Bill encourages her to marry the rich farmer so they can inherit his money after he dies.
The marriage takes place and Bill stays on the farm as Abby's "brother".
The farmer's foreman suspects their scheme.
The farmer's health unexpectedly remains stable, foiling Bill's plans.
Eventually, the farmer discovers Bill's true relationship with Abby.
At the same time, Abby has begun to fall in love with her husband.
After a locust swarm and a fire destroy his wheat fields, the incensed farmer goes after Bill with a gun, but Bill kills him with a screwdriver, fleeing with Abby and Linda.
The foreman and the police pursue and eventually find them.
Bill is killed by the police.
Later, Abby inherits the farmer's money and leaves Linda at a boarding school.
Abby leaves town on a train with soldiers departing for World War Linda runs away from school with a friend.
<EOS>
Madeline Rose "Maddy" Phillips (Kristen Stewart) is 12-year-old girl who loves to climb.
Her father Tom (Sam Robards) has climbed Mount Everest so it runs in the family.
Several years earlier, Tom fell more than 100 feet during a climb and because her parents Tom and Molly (Jennifer Beals) are afraid she might hurt herself, they have ordered Maddy not to climb.
Tom had some internal injuries from that earlier fall which he did not know about and now the injury has paralyzed him from the neck down.
There is an experimental operation costing $250,000 which can save him, but insurance will not pay for the operation and the family does not have the money.
Harderbach Financial's president Brisbane (Michael Des Barres) refuses to loan the amount and does so by putting loopholes in a contract Molly signed (he is really trying to avoid loaning any money at all).
When asked if he has a heart, Brisbane coldly responds "This is not an emotional issue, mrs Phillips.
A bank has no heart.
Only paper in a vault".
That is when Maddy first gets the idea to rob the bank.
Maddy steals three go-carts from her father's race course (Tom has a race track where people race in go-carts) and convinces her two friends Gus (Max Thieriot) and Austin (Corbin Bleu) to help her.
They remain hesitant, so she tells both of them that she loves him and does not care for the other and gives half of her friendship necklace to each of them, claiming she has the other half.
They break into Harderbach Financial (a bank in which Molly had begun to work for, designing a security system).
They manage to break in, but with her mother at the hospital visiting their father, she is forced to babysit her younger brother Max.
She and Gus progress to a room with thousands of security deposit boxes while Austin keeps the guards away from them.
Maddy has to free climb to get to the exit when her hook gets caught in a crack when using the handhelds.
She cracks the code (finding it is Madeline) and they flee the room, unintentionally setting off the alarm as they forgot to type the exit code.
While escaping from the guard dogs at which point Austin demonstrates his dog-training skills, the trio is caught by Gus' brother, Chad, who tasers his partner (and then himself, though accidentally) after understanding the situation.
However, just before escaping, Gus and Austin find out that Maddy played them after seeing each other's necklaces and leave her, but later come back for her.
The three hop into their go-carts, trailed by the police, but Austin holds all the cash in his cart, suddenly starts running out of gas.
He then leaps into Gus' cart, and they escape to the hospital.
They rejoin with Maddy in time to disable police cruisers by popping the tires with jacks.
When mrs Phillips arrives, Brisbane attempts to pass all the blame on her.
But ultimately, he is rejected by Francois, a Frenchman, who says Brisbane's irresponsibility of having a party with an untested security system is stupid.
Meanwhile, the kids make it to the hospital.
However, they are caught up to by Maddy's mother, the bank security, the police, and the press.
Maddy's mother then takes responsibility, saying that this was an authorized test for the bank's security.
As they leave, reporters outside the hospital mention about the incident and how it was motivated when the insurance company wouldn't help the Phillips family.
The following morning, mrs Phillips says what Maddy did was wrong, but apologizes as it was her over-protection that started all the trouble in the first place.
The press sympathizes with them, allowing them to hold a fundraiser the day after earning enough money for Maddy's father's surgery.
Even a friend named mr Hartmann (John Carroll Lynch) gives a "consultation fee" of $50,000.
As Brisbane's irresponsibility got him fired, Hartmann is now the president of the bank.
At the go cart rally after the operation, Gus and Austin make Maddy decide who she loves.
She sniffs both of them and causes a debate between them.
While they do so, she backs away and they run after her, asking who is a better boyfriend and the movie ends.
<EOS>
Peter Banning is a successful corporate lawyer living in San Francisco.
As a workaholic, he spends little time with his wife, Moira, and children, 12-year-old Jack and 7-year-old Maggie, and even misses Jack's Little League Baseball game.
They fly to London to visit Moira's grandmother, Wendy Darling, and attend a banquet ceremony at Great Ormond Street Hospital honoring her charity work.
During their stay, Peter angrily yells at the children while their playing disturbs his important call, this leads Moira to throw out his cellphone.
While they are away, Jack and Maggie are abducted mysteriously from the nursery, but an elderly Tootles, a former Lost Boy, tells Peter Captain Hook is responsible.
Wendy informs him he is in fact the real Peter Pan, but he lost all of his childhood memories when he fell in love with Moira.
In disbelief, he gets drunk up in the nursery, but Tinker Bell appears and takes him to Neverland to rescue his children from Hook.
Hook and his pirates confront Peter but become depressed when they realize he does not remember his former life and identity.
Tinker Bell makes a deal with Hook that Peter will regain his memories in three days for a climactic battle.
He is reacquainted with the Mermaids and meets the new generation of Lost Boys, led by Rufio, who refuses to believe that he is the real Peter Pan.
They help him train, and in the process he regains his imagination and lost youth.
One of them, Thud Butt, gives him marbles that were left behind by Tootles.
Elsewhere, Smee talks Hook into manipulating Jack and Maggie into loving him to break Peter's will.
While Maggie is not taken in, Jack comes to view Hook as a father figure.
Hook arranges a makeshift baseball game for Jack, which Peter watches as Hook treats Jack like his own son.
Peter runs off and tries to fly, but is led to the old treehouse of the Lost Boys by his own shadow.
Tinker Bell helps him remember his childhood and how he fell in love with Moira, and he realizes his happy thought is being a father.
He flies up into the sky, returning as Peter Pan, and Rufio surrenders his sword and leadership back to him.
The child-minded Peter returns to Tinker Bell who grows human-sized and kisses him, reminding him of his reason for being in Neverland.
On the third day, he and the Lost Boys attack the pirates as promised, leading to a lengthy battle.
He rescues Maggie and promises to be a better father to Jack.
Rufio fights a duel with Hook but is mortally wounded and dies in Peter's arms.
Peter and Hook duel, leading to Peter's victory.
Refusing to leave honorably, Hook attacks Peter, but the stuffed crocodile, whom Hook once feared, springs to life and devours him.
Peter gives his sword to Thud Butt promoting him the new leader of the Lost Boys and leaves Neverland for good.
He awakens in Kensington Gardens, meeting a sweeper who bears a strong resemblance to Smee and bidding farewell to Tinker Bell, who confesses her unrequited love to him before vanishing.
He climbs up the drain pipe of Wendy's house, reuniting with his family and returning Tootles' marbles to him.
Tootles discovers the bag contains pixie dust, and he flies out the window to visit Neverland.
Wendy suggests that Peter's adventures are over, but he replies, "To live would be an awfully big adventure".
<EOS>
Teenager Karen Braden (Kelley Bohanon) is a troubled mental hospital outpatient who is taken by her father George and sister Isa to a government facility near the Craters of the Moon lava fields in Idaho.
The project there was commissioned to develop matter transference, but made a different discovery: time travel.
They also discovered that a mysterious ecological catastrophe will soon wipe out civilization.
The time travel process has negative health effects, though.
Adults "not much older than 20" are unable to survive for long, as their kidneys hemorrhage shortly after the experience.
So the scientists decide to only send young people 56 years into the future so they can build a new civilization.
After the government takes over the project, the transfer machines are turned off, trapping a large number of project members in the future.
Now trapped, they begin exploring the future world.
The last survivor from the project is picked up by a family dressed in futuristic clothing.
She is placed alive in the trunk of their car, ostensibly to be used as fuel.
The small girl in the back seat asks what will happen when they run out of them (people from the past.
) "Will we have to use each other, then.
".
<EOS>
Set in the cramped, cluttered Midwestern house of Lola and Doc Delaney, the plot centers on how their life is disrupted by the presence of a boarder named Marie, a college art student with a strong lustful appetite.
Overweight and slovenly, the housebound middle-aged Lola engages in mild flirtations with the milkman and mailman, like the ingratiating coquette she once was.
She sees in Marie herself at that age, and encourages her pursuit of wealthy Bruce and muscular Turk.
Doc, who ekes out a living as a chiropractor, was forced to abandon a promising career in medicine when he married a pregnant Lola.
She subsequently lost the baby.
As a recovering alcoholic, Doc maintains a precarious sobriety by avoiding the past.
For him, Marie represents the youth and opportunity he sacrificed, and his eventual realization that she is not as pure and perfect as he imagined sends him back to the bottle and a slow descent into unbridled rage.
The title refers to Lola's missing dog, who disappeared before the play's opening and remains gone throughout the story.
<EOS>
Stella, the main character, is a rebetiko singer.
Although she is in love with Miltos, a soccer player, she repeatedly rejects his marriage proposals.
When Miltos finally forces her to accept the idea of marriage, Stella does not appear in church, despite Miltos repeatedly warning her that he will kill her if she doesn't marry him.
Miltos kills her with a dagger at end of the film.
It has been said that the story of Stella's forced marriage symbolises the forces that are constantly trying to impose their will on Greece.
<EOS>
Jimmy Hoffa and Bobby Ciaro are impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a roadhouse diner on July 30, 1975.
Others are late for a meeting.
Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance.
In 1935, a young Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap.
Hoffa pitches the benefits of joining the Teamsters and gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs".
A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers.
Hoffa blurts out they'd ridden 85 miles together, and Ciaro is fired.
Ciaro later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie knife, but Hoffa's associate Billy Flynn pulls a gun and Ciaro drops the knife.
Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters.
Flynn is badly burned and dies.
Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa's right-hand man.
During a Teamsters strike, strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss.
Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along and translates.
An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed.
Hoffa meets Carol D'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally.
Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters.
His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to make loans to the mob.
At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.
A loud and bitter feud between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John Kennedy is elected President and Bobby becomes Attorney General.
Hoffa, on a hunting trip with D'Allesandro, discusses ways to exploit the union's pension fund.
Having no paper with them, the plans are sketched on the back of a hunting license.
Subsequently, Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, who testifies at Hoffa's trial.
The critical evidence against Hoffa is the hunting license on which the plans to raid the Teamster's pension fund were written.
Hoffa surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Connelly's uncle, Frank Fitzsimmons, takes over as Teamsters boss.
Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed and immediately begins working for Hoffa's release.
D'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard Nixon for President, so that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon.
Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for 10 years.
Hoffa meets with D'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster, wanting Fitzsimmons killed.
D'Allesandro believes that Hoffa is "too hot" and says, "I can't get close to it".
Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved.
Ciaro delivers a message to D'Allesandro that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled, Hoffa will go to the press.
D'Allesandro says to tell Hoffa that "everything's gonna be all right", and they should all meet the next day at "the roadhouse", a remote diner.
Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting in the parking lot, but D'Allesandro never arrives.
A purported union driver has been waiting for hours in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, engaging Ciaro in conversation.
He is invited to meet Hoffa in person by bringing a cup of coffee to the car.
The driver draws a gun and shoots Hoffa in his car and Ciaro in the parking lot.
The hit man and his associates put Ciaro's body into Hoffa's car, drive it into the trailer of the associates' semi-truck, and drive off.
<EOS>
Fashion merchandising student Elle Woods is taken to an expensive restaurant by her boyfriend, the governor's son, Warner Huntington III.
She expects Warner to propose, but he breaks up with her instead, reasoning that she is not serious enough for his political aspirations.
Her sorority sisters encourage her to pursue him.
After much effort, Elle scores a 179 on the Law School Admission Test.
This score, combined with her 40 GPA, gain her admission to Harvard, where Warner has enrolled.
Upon arriving at Harvard, Elle's SoCal personality is in complete contrast to her East Coast classmates' personalities, who refuse to take her seriously.
She soon encounters Warner, but discovers he is engaged to another classmate, Vivian Kensington.
Elle struggles to keep up with the reading and is unprepared for a lecture, which causes strict Professor Stromwell to lecture her and force her out of the class.
Elle meets Emmett, who gives her advice for handling each of her professors.
Vivian invites Elle to a "costume party" and Elle arrives in a Playboy bunny suit, but the party is not actually a costume party.
Elle tells Warner that she intends to apply for Professor Callahan's prestigious internship, but Warner tells her that she is wasting her time.
Elle realizes that Warner will never take her back and finds motivation to prove herself.
After several months of dramatic improvement, Elle, along with Warner and Vivian, is given a surprise internship at Callahan's law office.
Callahan is defending a prominent fitness instructor named Brooke Windham, who is one of Elle's role models.
Accused of murdering her husband, Brooke is unwilling to produce an alibi (she later reveals to Elle that she was having liposuction).
Enrique Salvatore, a pool cleaner and the prosecution's main witness, says that he was having an affair with Brooke and that they were planning to run off with her husband's money.
Elle deduces that Enrique is gay, and Emmett (revealed to be Callahan's junior partner) believes her and during cross-examination tricks Enrique into confessing his homosexuality.
In spite of her victory, Elle quits the firm when Callahan attempts to seduce her.
When Emmett explains how Callahan's behavior caused Elle to quit her internship, Brooke fires Callahan and replaces him with Elle as her defense.
Elle cross-examines Brooke's step-daughter Chutney, forcing her to reveal that she had killed Brooke's husband, though she had actually planned to kill Brooke because she hated that her father married someone her age.
Chutney is sent to jail and Warner unsuccessfully attempts to convince Elle to take him back.
Two years later, Elle gives the graduation speech at Harvard.
Vivian is now her best friend, while Emmett has started his own firm.
He and Elle have been dating since the trial and he plans to propose to her later that night.
<EOS>
The plot focuses on a group of rebels attempting to overthrow both tyrants and win back their homeland.
Many of the rebels are natives of the province of Tigana, which was the province that most ably resisted Brandin: In a crucial battle, Brandin's son was killed.
In retaliation for this, Brandin attacked Tigana and crushed it more savagely than any other part of the Palm; then, following this victory, he used his magic to remove the name and history of Tigana from the minds of the population.
Brandin named it Lower Corte, making Corte, their traditional enemies to their north, seem superior to a land that was all but forgotten.
Only those born in Tigana before the invasion can hear or speak its name, or remember it as it was; as far as everyone else is concerned, that area of the country has always been an insignificant part of a neighbouring province, hence the rebels are battling for the very soul of their country.
The book puts great emphasis on the different moral shades of people.
Though seen by most of the characters as a ruthless, grief-maddened tyrant, Brandin is actually a very sympathetic character, especially in his love for Dianora, one of the women of his harem, called a saishan in the book — a character who is in fact from Tigana herself and engineered her own selection into Brandin's seraglio so that she could assassinate him, only to fall in love with him before she could.
Despite being likeable and sympathetic, many of the rebels are equally ruthless in their attempts to overthrow the Tyrants, setting off wars, assassinating soldiers and officials and even committing suicide to depose Brandin.
The book is full of themes of identity, love, patriotism, revenge and magic.
<EOS>
Three men, Red Pollard (Tobey Maguire), Charles Howard (Jeff Bridges), and Tom Smith (Chris Cooper) come together as the principal jockey, owner, and trainer of the championship horse Seabiscuit, rising from troubled times to achieve fame and success through their association with the horse.
Red is the child of a Canadian family financially ruined by the Great Depression.
In desperate need of money, the family leaves Red with a horse trainer.
Red eventually becomes a jockey, but makes extra money through illegal boxing matches which left him blind in one eye.
Howard is a clerk in a bicycle shop who gets asked by a passing motorist to repair his automobile, a technology which has recently been introduced.
As a result, Howard becomes knowledgeable enough with automobiles to increase their performance and sell them as a dealer, eventually becoming the largest car dealer in California and one of the Bay Area's richest men.
However, his son is killed in an automobile accident while driving the family car, which sends Howard into a bout of deep depression, which eventually results in his wife (Valerie Mahaffey) leaving him.
On a trip to Mexico to obtain a divorce and to drown his sorrows, he meets Marcela Zabala (Elizabeth Banks).
Marcela helps Howard overcome his depression, mainly through horse-riding.
After marrying Marcela, Howard acquires a stable of horses and later has a chance encounter with the skilled and kindly horse trainer and drifter Smith.
Howard hires Smith to manage his stables after Smith, who specializes in rehabilitating injured and abused horses, explains to Howard "You don't throw a whole life away just 'cause it's banged up a little bit".
Smith convinces Howard to acquire the colt "Seabiscuit", who comes from noted lineage but had been deemed "incorrigible" by past handlers and was later broken and trained to lose against better horses.
Smith is unable to find a jockey willing to deal with Seabiscuit's temperament, but after witnessing Red Pollard brawling with other stable boys, he sees in him a similar temperament to the feisty horse and decides to appoint him as Seabiscuit's jockey.
Seabiscuit and Pollard become close and they begin to race.
After overcoming early difficulties, such as a dismissive media and Pollard's anger issues and blind eye, Seabiscuit begins to earn considerable success and becomes an extremely popular underdog for the millions affected by the Great Depression.
Inspired, Howard tries repeatedly to provoke a race with the mocking New York tycoon Samuel Riddle and his fearsome stallion "War Admiral", the top race horse in the country.
Riddle eventually relents to a match race on his terms between War Admiral and Seabiscuit, but while the date approaches, Pollard is injured in a riding accident, fracturing his leg.
When the doctor reports that he will be unable to ride again, Red suggests that Howard get an old friend, the successful jockey George Woolf (Gary Stevens) to be Seabiscuit's new rider.
Red teaches Woolf about Seabiscuit's handling and mannerisms.
At the match race, Seabiscuit upsets the heavy favorite, War Admiral, partly because of a secret that Pollard relates to Woolf, instructing him to hold him head to head with the other horse so he gets "a good look at the Admiral".
Later on, Seabiscuit is racing at Santa Anita when he is injured and has to stop.
Red helps him to recover and get fit enough to race again.
The last race is again at the Santa Anita, and Red rides him this time after putting a special self-made brace on his own leg to keep it stable.
Woolf is on a different horse.
Seabiscuit drops to last place and trails the pack, but Woolf holds back to be alongside Red and let Seabiscuit "get a good look".
After a short conversation, Seabiscuit surges and wins the race.
Red says, "You know, everyone thinks that we found this broken down horse and fixed him, but we didn't.
He fixed us.
Every one of us.
And I guess in a way, we kinda fixed each other, too".
<EOS>
A tax auditor for Revenue Canada, Francis Brown, is a regular visitor at a Toronto strip club called Exotica.
Grieving for the loss of his murdered daughter, he always has Christina, an exotic dancer dressed in a schoolgirl uniform, give him a private dance.
This inspires the jealousy of the club's DJ Eric, Christina's former boyfriend who has also impregnated the club's owner Zoe.
While at the club, Francis pays his brother Harold's young daughter to babysit.
However, Francis has no children left and the girl merely practices music alone until Francis returns and drives her home.
Francis' relationship with his brother is strained, as the police have told Francis that Harold had an affair with his wife before she died in a car accident, that left Harold a paraplegic.
It is also revealed that Francis's daughter was kidnapped and killed, and he was one of the suspects but was later exonerated.
The accusation left a psychological scar on him.
In his professional life, Francis is sent to Thomas' pet store to audit books of account pursuant to the suspicion that Thomas is profiting from the illegal import of rare bird species.
Thomas has been smuggling hyacinth macaw eggs, and his operation is worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Francis is eventually banned from Exotica when Eric manipulates him into touching Christina during one of her dances, which is against the rules of the club.
Around the same time, Francis discovers illegal activities in Thomas' financial records, and blackmails Thomas to go to the club to learn Christina's feelings about Francis.
In the process, Francis realizes Eric intentionally set out to get him banned, and vows to kill him.
Confronting Eric with a gun, Francis is defused when Eric reveals he and Christina were the ones who found the body of Francis's daughter.
Christina also reveals to Thomas that she and Francis share a relationship of mutual dependency.
In the past when she used to babysit his daughter, Francis would comfort her about her troubled life at home.
<EOS>
The film begins with scenes of life in Wyoming Territory, where new settlers join the cattle business by finding stray, unbranded cattle, called "mavericks", on public land.
The narrator explains that established ranchers use the so-called "maverick law" against the settlers, while "sharp-witted men" take advantage of the resulting conflict.
After this introduction, Jim Averell (Bishop) is shown exhorting settlers to elect him governor to defend them against cattle barons such as Reece Duncan (Scourby).
When Averell's speech is over, the famous stage performer Kate Maxwell (O'Hara) arrives with a group of showgirls.
Averell has arranged for Kate to operate both a cattle-buying business and a saloon.
Duncan warns Kate that he will kill anyone caught stealing cattle on his land, and Sheriff Stan Blaine (Nicol) warns her of an impending war over the cattle business.
The tension between Duncan and the settlers rises as the settlers search for mavericks on Duncan's land and outlaws hired by Averell steal Duncan's cattle.
Averell designed the "K-M" brand for Kate's cattle business in such a way that her branding iron completely covers Duncan's "bar double check" brand when applied directly over it.
When Averell explains this trick to Kate, he makes it clear to her that she will be hanged as a rustler if she informs the authorities, and Duncan refuses her offer to support him against Averell.
Meanwhile, unknown gunfighters assemble in the nearby hills, and one of them shoots a settler.
After Duncan attempts to stop a cattle roundup organized by Averell and the settlers, one of his men is killed, with Kate's branding iron left near the body.
To further increase the tension, Averell offers Duncan his support against the settlers immediately after inciting their anger against Duncan.
Averell's plan is to ignite a cattle war and promote his own political career by providing leadership once the war has begun.
However, Blaine discovers Averell's plan.
After Blaine and Kate have explained it to their men, they stage a fake war, and Blaine forces Averell to signal his men.
When the outlaws ride into town, they begin a gunfight against both Duncan's men and the settlers.
After Averell shoots Blaine, Kate catches him stealing money from the saloon, and when he tries to shoot her, she and Blaine kill him.
After the fight, Blaine prepares to leave town, but Kate persuades him to stay with her.
The film ends as they ride away to inspect some farmland for a new home.
<EOS>
The story begins in the mid-18th century among the Native American tribes of what is now northern Colorado.
A young Arapaho boy named Lame Beaver grows up during this period.
He becomes a great warrior after a single-handed raid on the Comanche brings horses to the Arapaho for the first time, enabling them to become part of the great plains horse culture.
By the end of the 18th century, Lame Beaver's band is camped along the South Platte River, and they begin to encounter white trappers for the first time.
One such trapper is Pasquinel (Robert Conrad), a French Canadian/Metis fur trader who has gone out to the Rocky Mountains to trade for beaver pelts.
Pasquinel and Lame Beaver (Michael Ansara) end up confronting each other in the dead of night, with knives ready.
But Pasquinel puts down his blade in an act of trust, and the two become good friends.
Lame Beaver comes to see great courage and honor within this white man, and so trades pelts with him for French trinkets.
However, the beaver pelts that Pasquinel acquired from the Arapaho, as well as his remaining trade goods, are stolen by members of the Pawnee tribe.
The French trader had felt himself safe after meeting with their chief.
He is saved by Cheyenne warriors, and manages to track down the rogue Pawnee just as they are about to trade his pelts.
The traders on their keelboat kill the treacherous Pawnee, but also turn on the plucky Pasquinel.
He is left for dead on the riverbank.
Pasquinel manages to return to st Louis, then part of the Spanish Empire, with a Pawnee stone arrowhead in his spine.
Lacking resources, he is introduced by a surgeon to Herman Bockweiss (Raymond Burr), a Bavarian immigrant merchant and silversmith, and goes to him for backing.
Pasquinel later marries Bockweiss's daughter Lise (Sally Kellerman), who is attracted to him even though he keeps leaving for long periods in order to trade furs in unknown territory.
The marriage is questionable from the start, as Pasquinel is rumored to have wives in various cities across North America.
His financing secured, Pasquinel once again heads west and encounters Alexander McKeag (Richard Chamberlain), a Scottish-born trapper captured by the Pawnee.
He gives the Pawnee chief a gun and arranges to free the red-bearded Scot.
He also gives the chief some of Bockweiss' fine silver.
The delighted Pawnee chief guarantees Pasquinel and McKeag safe travel through his land, and the two white men become partners and lifelong friends.
On their way back to Lame Beaver's Arapaho village, Pasquinel spots the same pirates who robbed him a year before.
Using McKeag as bait, he lures the pirates in and fires at them.
Pawnee warriors aid him as well, killing the rest of the pirates in retribution for their braves' deaths.
McKeag is angered that Pasquinel would use such underhanded tactics, but it's just business for the voyageur.
In a later encounter, a couple of Utes "coup" the white traders.
Pasquinel warns McKeag not to harm them, and just fires over their assailant's heads to scare them off.
McKeag tries shooting them and is lanced in the shoulder with a spear.
Pasquinel manages to get the wounded McKeag to Lame Beaver's village, where the Scotsman recovers from his injuries.
McKeag falls in love with Lame Beaver's beautiful daughter Clay Basket (Barbara Carrera), and she returns the Scotsman's love.
Pasquinel and McKeag eventually leave for st Louis with their furs.
Clay Basket wants to marry Alexander McKeag upon his return, but her father Lame Beaver says she should marry Pasquinel instead.
Lame Beaver feels that Clay Basket needs a strong husband who will care for her and keep her safe.
Back in st Louis, Pasquinel and McKeag are confronted by the brother of one of the dead river pirates, who accuses them of killing his kin.
Pasquinel feigns no involvement, but ends up getting into a bar brawl with the man.
McKeag also fights with the rest of the man's friends.
Meanwhile, Lame Beaver discovers a strange rock in a creek in the mountains.
It is actually gold, but the Arapaho chief knows nothing of its value.
He makes it into a bullet for his new rifle.
Pasquinel and his new bride Lise set up a proper household in st Louis, but the fur trader feels out of place with the aristocratic society in which she lives.
The citizens of st Louis regard Indians as inferior, and hold that they must be assimilated into the white world, a view opposed by the more knowledgeable voyageur.
He and McKeag eventually pack up and head westward to Lame Beaver's village.
In the meantime, Lame Beaver leads his braves in a raid against the Pawnee, killing their chief using one of the golden bullets.
But the Pawnee soon rally and the brave Arapaho is slain.
Clay Basket is devastated when, with her widowed mother forsaken and her own fiance Pasquinel gone, the rest of the tribe ransacks their teepee.
The old woman has to live out in the cold because no male family member is around to take her in.
When Pasquinel and McKeag return to the region, they learn about the Pawnee chief's death.
A native warrior shows them the bullet that killed his chief; the two traders immediately recognize the object as solid gold.
They realize that the bullet means there is a local vein of gold that only Lame Beaver knew of.
The two then arrive in Lame Beaver's camp, only to discover his body ceremoniously exposed along the river, as well as corpse of his widow who died of exposure in the night.
Clay Basket tells Pasquinel that she is supposed to marry him.
McKeag has his doubts, as his partner is already married in st Louis.
Pasquinel decrees that he will follow Lame Beaver's wishes and take her though.
McKeag senses that Pasquinel is merely using the marriage as an opportunity to further his trapping career and to get at the gold.
Their partnership and friendship begins to splinter.
Clay Basket gives birth to two sons, Jacques (Stephen McHattie) and Marcel (Kario Salem) Pasquinel.
But their father leaves them for long periods of time, because he must live in two worlds.
One with his Indian bride, and the other with Lise in st Louis.
McKeag hates the situation, but bears with it and cares for the boys like an uncle.
But Jacques grows contemptuous of McKeag's presence, sensing something between McKeag and his mother.
Despite McKeag's disapproval, Pasquinel eventually agrees to take his Indian family to st Louis.
While at an army fort, a group of drunken soldiers confront Pasquinel, insulting the trader and his family.
During the ensuing scuffle young Jacques' face is slashed by one of the soldier's blades.
A deep, painful physical scar results, fueling the spiritual rage that Jacques will always feels towards the whites and army posts.
Afterwards, Pasquinel tells McKeag to return west without him, as he is staying in st Louis for the time being.
He returns to Lise and reveals the fact that he has a second wife who is Arapaho.
Meanwhile, Kiowas attack McKeag, Clay Basket, and the boys at their camp.
McKeag fends them off, but Jacques is shot in the hand by a stray arrow, further scarring him.
Clay Basket fears that young Jacques will be psychologically damaged and left a scarred outcast, since both worlds he comes from reject him.
Pasquinel lives happily for a time with Lise; he and Lise now have a radiant young daughter, Lisette, the pride of her grandfather Herman Bockweiss.
Pasquinel feels once again like an outcast, especially when rumors of his Indian wife spread; there are additional rumors of other wives in New Orleans, Montreal, and Detroit.
In Colorado, McKeag teaches the Pasquinel brothers fur trapping, a risky move that might infuriate the local natives.
Pasquinel eventually returns to his Indian family, despite the objections of Lise.
The Frenchman isn't happy with their fur catch, and berates his eldest son for not following McKeag's instructions for setting the beaver traps.
Jacques lashes out with his knife, starting a fight with the Scotsman.
This incident is the final straw for McKeag.
He can no longer take the stress of tolerating Pasquinel's double life, having to suppress his own love for Clay Basket, and having to deal with Jacques animosity and contempt.
He ends his partnership with Pasquinel and leaves, noting that Jacques is just "twisted" and will kill them all.
McKeag begins to live as a hermit, trapping alone in the mountains.
Pasquinel continues to search for Lame Beaver's gold, and finds out that Clay Basket is pregnant with a girl.
McKeag's loneliness gets the best of him, and he becomes half-mad from the isolation.
It's a particularly hard winter, and his crude cabin is buried in snow.
In the Spring, 3 passing trappers find McKeag and tell him of a rendezvous of mountain menon the Green River.
He joins them, and finds Indians and traders of all races and nationalities having fun and taking part in various events.
He is given the "Yellow Apron," part of a dance event where one mountain man wears the apron, performs a dance in front of the gathering, and passes it on.
With the help of a Scottish bagpiper, McKeag performs a traditional Scottish dance for a cheering crowd at the Rendezvous.
In the middle of the Rendezvous, McKeag reunites with Pasquinel.
The two old partners happily dance and resolve their old differences.
As their friendship reignites with this wild and joyous Scottish dance, Pasquinel collapses in agony.
It is the old arrowhead acting up, so McKeag and other trappers undertake a dangerous operation to remove it.
They succeed, and McKeag gives the ever-vengeful Jacques the arrowhead.
But later on, when the healing Pasquinel asks McKeag to rejoin him so that he won't be alone, McKeag refuses and leaves once again.
Some years later in st Louis McKeag runs into Lise and her daughter, who is now nearly grown.
He reveals to Lise that Clay Basket is the same woman McKeag had told Lise he loved, decades earlier at Lise & Pasquinel's wedding.
The townswoman convinces McKeag to confront Pasquinel about this fact, since it is the reason their friendship-partnership split so long ago.
McKeag follows Lise's advice, and goes looking for Pasquinel to tell him of his love for Clay Basket.
The brothers Marcel and Jacques have left on their own, while Pasquinel has taken Clay Basket and his newest daughter Lucinda (Cristina Raines) up into the mountains.
In a valley on a small creek, the aged Pasquinel finally finds Lame Beaver's original vein of gold.
He joyously plucks gold out of the water, having at last found what he has sought half his life.
It is at this moment that McKeag arrives, as do Pawnee braves.
The Pawnee shoot Pasquinel with multiple arrows and kill him.
The heartbroken Clay Basket and McKeag can only watch, and then hold the dying voyageur in their arms.
McKeag vows to care for Clay Basket and Lucinda.
Clay Basket then reaffirms her love for McKeag, as he does for her.
McKeag adopts Lucinda as his own, and leads his new family out of the mountainous regions.
The vein of gold lies lost and forgotten, its location dying with Pasquinel's last breath.
In 1845 Levi Zendt (Gregory Harrison) is the restless youngest brother in a wealthy German-American Mennonite family from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.
Levi is falsely accused of attempting to sexually assault a fellow Mennonite girl.
Refusing to repent, he is shunned by his fellow Mennonites -- including his own family.
Zendt decides to flee Pennsylvania for the Oregon country and purchases a well-used Conestoga wagon.
Before he leaves he goes to the local orphanage and picks up Elly Zahm (Stephanie Zimbalist), a teenage orphan who has always been smitten with Zendt.
Elly witnessed the "assault" through a window and is one of the few people in the county who knows that Zendt is innocent.
The pair head west, marrying along the way.
Upon reaching Cairo, Illinois the former Mennonite is forced to sell his prized draft horses.
It is explained to him that the beasts would never survive the trail across the Great Plains -- oxen are much better suited, despite being slower.
Making their way to st Louis by steamboat, they join a wagon train heading over the Oregon Trail for the Pacific guided by the unsavory mountain man Sam Purchas (Donald Pleasence).
In st Louis they meet English writer Oliver Seccombe (Timothy Dalton) and Army Captain Maxwell Mercy (Chad Everett).
Seccombe is a romantic looking for adventure and writing a book trying to prove the theory that the Native American tribes descend from Welshmen.
Mercy is an army negotiator sent to forge treaties with the tribes of the west.
He is well-meaning but underestimates the demand Americans have for western lands and the animosity the plains tribes have for all whites.
Mercy is married to Lisette (Karen Carlson), Pasquinel's daughter from st Louis, and unsuccessfully tries to use this relationship to try to gain the Pasquinel brothers' favor.
After stopping at a frontier fort and meeting Alexander McKeag the Zendts continue into the Rocky Mountains.
They are warned that Purchas is a scoundrel and likely to cause them grief.
When he tries to rape Elly several days later, the newlyweds decide to turn back.
They return to the fort defeated, their wagon in shambles.
McKeag offers to partner with the Zendts in a trading post near the South Platte River that had been the primary site of the Arapaho village of Lame Beaver.
Elly also realizes that she has become pregnant.
They agree to stay and settle but before they can reach the site Elly is bitten by a rattlesnake and dies.
Devastated by his wife's death, Zendt heads into the mountains and lives alone as a hermit in the cabin once occupied by McKeag.
Lucinda McKeag (Cristina Raines), now a grown woman, takes pity on Zendt and goes to his cabin to nurse him back to health.
The couple begins a romantic relationship and return to McKeag's trading post.
The former Mennonite proposes marriage, but only if his wife learns to read so she can understand the Bible, as is customary among his people.
The young Metis woman goes to live with her father's widow in st Louis and attends school there.
Despite a romantic fling with a young Army officer, she decides to return to the West.
Zendt marries Lucinda and takes over the trading post when McKeag dies.
Hans Brumbaugh (Alex Karras), a Russian-German (Wolgadeutsche) immigrant seeking his fortune, passes through the trading post.
While panning in a stream near Zendt's trading post, he rediscovers the gold vein that Lame Beaver and Pasquinel found long before.
Brumbaugh is attacked by a gold-crazed fellow prospector and slays the man.
He becomes so distraught about the killing that he leaves the claim without taking any of the cursed gold.
He purchases land from Zendt and becomes a farmer.
Using irrigation techniques, he turns marginal land into rich cropland and becomes such a success he is given the nickname of "Potatoes Brumbaugh".
He will later switch to sugar beets and become wealthy.
Maxwell Mercy invites the Plains tribes to a peace conference at Fort Laramie.
There he forges a treaty guaranteeing safe passage to settlers on the Oregon Trail in exchange for legal recognition of tribal land claims.
Wiser heads on both sides however know that the treaty will merely delay the inevitable war between the two sides.
By the 1860s, the Civil War has broken out in the east and the Army sends most of its troops back east to fight in the war.
The local tribes take advantage of the lack of a strong military presence in the territory to redress past grievances and raid white settlements.
The tribes are led by the Pasquinel brothers.
A recent Colorado settler named Frank Skimmerhorn (Richard Crenna) forms a volunteer militia to deal with the tribes.
Skimmerhorn, a survivor of tribal wars in Minnesota, is a charismatic but mentally unbalanced leader who has a pathological hatred of all Native Americans.
He leads an attack on a band of peaceful unarmed Arapaho ordering the slaughter of everyone in the camp including women and children.
Captain John McIntosh (Mark Harmon), a young officer under Skimmerhorn's command, refuses to join in the massacre and is court martialed for insubordination.
At the trial, graphic testimony from a young soldier turns public opinion against Skimmerhorn.
However, by manipulating the facts, Skimmerhorn is able to regain favor with the people, culminating with his capture and summary execution of Jake Pasquinel.
Seeing no hope, Mike Pasquinel is convinced by the Zendts to surrender to the Regular Army in Denver where, in theory at least, he will receive a fair trial.
As they are marching to the Army's command headquarters waving white flags Skimmerhorn (who is giving an interview to a local newspaper editor) shoots Mike in the back killing him in cold blood.
Public opinion is then firmly turned against Skimmerhorn.
Maxwell Mercy, outraged at his brothers-in law's murders, challenges Skimmerhorn to a duel and nearly kills him only to be stopped by Levi Zendt.
Disgraced and rejected by his son John, Skimmerhorn leaves Colorado.
Oliver Seccombe returns to the area as an agent of several wealthy British investors led by Earl Venneford of Wye who want to start a cattle ranch.
By claiming watering holes under the Homestead Act and utilizing the open range, they can monopolize thousands of square miles with a very small investment.
The ranch would eventually control nearly , an area nearly the size of Vermont.
He hires John Skimmerhorn (Cliff De Young), son of the disgraced militia colonel, to acquire longhorn cattle in Texas and drive them to Colorado.
For the cattle drive, the young Skimmerhorn hires several cowboys, including the experienced trail bossJ.
Poteet (Dennis Weaver) and young cow hand Jim Lloyd (played by Michael LeClair as a teen during this episode and by William Atherton as the older Lloyd).
At first Skimmerhorn encounters resistance because of his father's actions with the Indians, but he distances himself from his father's shadow and quickly earns the respect of the cowhands.
The epic cattle drive across the tractless Llano Estacado is successful and the new ranch, named Venneford, becomes one of the largest ranches in the west.
In 1876, Colorado becomes a state and the small community that has grown up around Zendt's trading post is renamed "Centennial" in honor of the American centennial.
Seccombe stays on to manage the ranch and with John Skimmerhorn as foreman and Jim Lloyd as a regular ranch hand.
Lloyd falls in love with Levi Zendt's beautiful but wild daughter Clemma (Adrienne Larussa).
Clemma however merely toys with Jim.
Charlotte Buckland (Lynn Redgrave), the daughter of one of Venneford's wealthy British investors, comes to Colorado to find adventure.
Clemma leaves town leaving Jim heartbroken.
Charlotte falls in love with Seccombe and the two are married.
A range war develops between the cattle ranchers led by Seccombe, farmers led by Hans Brumbaugh, and sheep herders led by new settler Messmore Garrett (Clint Ritchie).
New town sheriff Axel Dumire (Brian Keith) tries to settle the conflict peacefully but it soon escalates into violence.
Oliver Seccombe, angered by threats to his interests, engages the services of a gang of outlaws to kill Brumbaugh, Garrett and other leaders of the farmers and shepherds.
Jim Lloyd and John Skimmerhorn find themselves caught between sides in the war.
They are cowboys but are also sympathetic to the plight of the farmers and shepherds and refuse to believe that Seccombe is behind the cold blooded killings.
Brumbaugh and Garrett both survive assassination attempts but several farmers and shepherds are killed in the violence.
Eventually the outlaws are ambushed by a group of vigilantes led by Brumbaugh and Jim Lloyd.
The sheriff is able to restore order but several gang members escape vowing vengeance.
Seccombe proves to be a poor businessman with questionable morals and the finances of the ranch are eventually called into question by the Venneford's British investors.
They dispatch Finlay Perkin (Clive Revill), a dour Scottish accountant, to audit Venneford's books.
Seccombe has been secretly selling off ranch cattle to fund his activities.
Perkin soon realizes that Seccombe is skimming money after seeing the combination of thousands of missing cattle and Seccombe's palatial new ranch house, evidence of his profligate spending.
Seccombe's crimes are covered over however when a terrible blizzard hits the region, killing many of the ranch's cattle and thereby hiding the losses incurred by Seccombe's embezzlement.
Levi Zendt dies in an accident, leaving Lucinda and their two grown children Clemma and Martin.
The blizzard saves Seccombe from formal legal charges but he is still compelled to resign in disgrace and turn over ranch operations to John Skimmerhorn.
The fraud accusations and the large loss of cattle combine to take a toll on Seccombe's health and he commits suicide leaving Charlotte a widow.
Mervin Wendell (Anthony Zerbe), his wife Maude (Lois Nettleton), and young son Philip (Doug McKeon) come to town.
The Wendells are ostensibly itinerant actors but in reality they are charlatans and con-artists working their way across the new railroad towns one step ahead of the law.
Their favorite con is called the "badger game".
The con works on the local pastor and the Wendells reap large blackmail proceeds.
Their plan turns sour when they try it on a worldwise businessman, Soren Sorenson (Sandy McPeak).
He recognizes their trick, too late, and threatens to expose them.
Wendell attacks him.
They struggle and Sorenson is killed by Maude Wendell.
While looking through his belongings, they find a large fortune in cash that Sorenson was going to use to finance a real estate purchase.
Philip hides the body in a subterranean cave along the riverbank.
They keep the money but realize that they cannot spend it as it will expose their guilt.
The widowed Charlotte Buckland Seccombe travels to England briefly but returns to Venneford after inheriting a majority interest in the ranch.
She falls in love with Jim Lloyd, now ranch foreman, but their romance nearly falls apart when Clemma Zendt returns and Jim breaks off his engagement with Charlotte.
Charlotte resolves to fight for Jim and goes to Clemma and blackmails her into leaving town—or she will use all her resources to expose Clemma's activities during her time away, which include alcoholism, prostitution, fraud, and a lengthy prison term.
Clemma gets on the next train to Chicago, and Jim and Charlotte reconcile and wed.
Sheriff Dumire has suspected the Wendells of shady activities since their arrival and questions them about the missing businessman.
He hounds the Wendells but they won't crack and without a body the sheriff can do nothing.
The Wendells' young son Philip admires the sheriff and has no respect for his father.
He wants to tell him the truth but cannot bring himself to betray his own flesh and blood.
The sheriff is killed by remnants of the gang hired to drive the farmers out in the range war, and Philip begins to reveal the secret only as Dumire dies.
With the sheriff out of the picture, Mervin and Maude Wendell are now free from legal suspicion.
He charms a railroad land agent and begins planting the seeds of a future real estate empire.
By the turn of the 20th century, Mervin Wendell has grown rich selling marginal land to naive immigrants and easterners for dryland farming, lending on the land at extortion rates then foreclosing and reselling the land at a profit.
Though the secret of his family's success still haunts the now grown up Philip (Morgan Paull), he continues the family real estate business often mercilessly foreclosing on unsuccessful farmers.
Among those are young Iowans Earl and Alice Grebe (Claude Jarman, Jr.
and Julie Sommars).
Despite warnings from Hans Brumbaugh and Jim Lloyd, the Grebes settle on the drylands of the prairie and take out a mortgage with Mervin Wendell.
This gamble on marginal land soon turns disastrous as the Dust Bowl years of the 1920s and 1930s and a freefall in wheat prices after World War I set in.
The Grebes fall behind in their mortgage and Wendell threatens foreclosure.
Dust storms kill the Grebe's son causing an emotionally distraught Alice to go insane and stab several of her remaining children to death.
Enraged, Earl kills Alice then kills himself.
The shrinking of the prairie and the closing of the open range leave Venneford Ranch a shadow of its former glory.
Still, the ranch is large and successful and Charlotte uses her wealth and clout to defend Hispanic victims of local bigotry.
Beeley Garrett (Alan Vint), Messmore’s son, marries Jim and Charlotte Lloyd’s daughter and takes over control of the Venneford when Jim dies.
By the 1970s, the two leading citizens in town are Paul Garrett (David Janssen), the current owner of Venneford Ranch, and Morgan Wendell (Robert Vaughn).
Both men are in their 50s, but any similarity ends there.
Garrett is thoughtful, introspective, and interested in preserving the natural beauty of Colorado for future generations.
He is Beeley Garrett's son as well as Charlotte and Jim Lloyd's grandson.
He is also a descendant of the Garretts, Levi Zendt, Pasquinel, and Lame Beaver.
Morgan is Philip's son who has inherited the family real estate empire as well as their propensity for self-interest.
He is a naked opportunist looking to advance his own personal and financial interests at any cost.
Professor Lew Vernor (Andy Griffith) and writer Sidney Enderman (Sharon Gless) arrive in town to do research on the history of Centennial.
Vernor goes to Paul Garrett to learn the history of the region.
Later while exploring the town Vernor discovers a washed-out cave with human remains on the Wendells' property.
Morgan, recognizing the scene from his father's tales, orders Vernor out and hides the evidence of the century-old murder that made his family wealthy.
Wendell is a candidate for the new statewide office of Commissioner of Resources, an elected office that will balance economic growth with environmental and historical preservation.
Wendell is running on a platform that emphasizes economic growth.
Paul Garrett and other civic leaders hope for a more balanced approach that preserves the traditional Colorado way of life.
While telling Vernor and Enderman the history of Centennial (Garrett's voice narrates the miniseries), he is persuaded to run against Wendell in the election.
During the election, Wendell runs a dirty campaign and smears Garrett by any means possible.
He plays the race card, pointing out the widower Garrett plans to marry a young Hispanic woman.
In the end, Garrett appears to win the election, though the final outcome is never actually revealed.
<EOS>
The show features the most successful characters of Wacky Races, namely Penelope Pitstop and the members of Ant Hill Mob, who take on the role of heroes.
In each episode, Penelope's guardian, Sylvester Sneekly, attempts to take Penelope's inheritance for himself by attacking her in the guise of the masked villain The Hooded Claw.
Aided by his pair of near identical henchmen who always speak in unison, the Bully Brothers, he concocted needlessly Goldbergian plots to kill Penelope.
Even though the Ant Hill Mob rescue Penelope, she often needed to save the Mob from the unintended effects of their attempts to rescue her.
While Penelope was curiously helpless whenever The Hooded Claw grabbed her, once he left her tied up for his fiendish plans to take effect, she usually became resourceful and ingenious, sometimes coming up with spontaneous and creative methodologies to escape her peril.
<EOS>
In the near future, Detroit, Michigan is a dystopia and on the verge of total collapse due to financial ruin and a high crime rate.
The mayor signs a deal with the mega-corporation Omni Consumer Products (OCP), giving it complete control of the underfunded Detroit Police Department.
In exchange, OCP will be allowed to turn the run-down sections of Detroit into a high-end utopia called "Delta City", which will function as an independent city-state free of the United States.
OCP senior president Dick Jones proposes replacing the police with the ED-209 enforcement droid.
At its first demonstration, however, ED-209 malfunctions and gruesomely kills a board member.
Bob Morton, an ambitious employee, uses the opportunity to introduce his own experimental cyborg design, "RoboCop".
To Jones's anger, the company chairman approves Morton's plan.
Meanwhile, police officer Alex Murphy arrives at his new precinct following an OCP-directed transfer where he is introduced to his partner Anne Lewis.
On their first patrol, they chase down a gang led by the ruthless criminal Clarence Boddicker, tailing them to an abandoned steel mill.
When he and Lewis get separated, Murphy is caught and fatally injured by Boddicker's gang just before Boddicker himself executes the helpless cop.
Morton selects Murphy for the RoboCop program and replaces most of his body with cybernetics, except for his brain and part of his digestive system.
RoboCop is given three primary directives: "Serve the public trust, Protect the innocent, and Uphold the law", as well as a classified fourth directive that Morton does not know of.
He single-handedly and efficiently cleans Detroit of crime, earning Morton a promotion to vice president.
Enraged, Jones hires Boddicker to murder Morton in his home.
Meanwhile, Lewis realizes that RoboCop is really Murphy, and tells him his real name.
RoboCop remembers past events from his life and returns to his former home, only to find that his wife and son have moved away.
He connects to the police database, looks up Murphy's entry and discovers Boddicker's gang, who were responsible for his death.
RoboCop tracks down Boddicker to a cocaine factory and after a battle, threatens to kill him.
Panicked, Boddicker admits his affiliation with Jones, verbally triggering RoboCop's law-abiding programming.
RoboCop arrests Boddicker and turns him over to the police.
He then confronts Jones and attempts to arrest him, but begins to shut down.
Jones reveals that he planted the fourth directive, which prevents RoboCop from arresting any member of OCP's executive board.
Jones explains his larger goal of taking over OCP, and confesses to Morton's murder before activating his personal ED-209 to destroy RoboCop.
During the ensuing battle, Jones calls the police claiming that Robocop has malfunctioned and gone rogue.
Robocop manages to escape ED-209, but is soon cornered by heavily armed police units and is nearly destroyed.
Lewis helps RoboCop escape, and takes him to the abandoned steel mill.
As RoboCop repairs himself, he and Lewis discuss his former life.
Under pressure by OCP and fearing their replacement by RoboCop, the police go on strike.
Jones frees Boddicker and supplies his gang with anti-tank rifles and a tracking device to hunt down RoboCop.
The gang converge on the steel mill, where RoboCop is able to kill most of them.
Boddicker eventually subdues RoboCop, but he's stabbed in the throat by RoboCop, killing him.
RoboCop heads back to OCP headquarters, where Jones is presenting his improved ED-209 to the board; RoboCop states Jones' guilt of murder and explains that he cannot intervene due to the fourth directive.
He plays a recording of Jones' confession, exposing his role in Morton's murder along with his sinister plans.
Jones retrieves a nearby handgun and takes the chairman hostage, demanding a helicopter.
The chairman verbally fires Jones from OCP, whereupon RoboCop repeatedly shoots Jones, who crashes through a window and falls to his death far below.
Grateful, the chairman says, "Nice shooting, son, what's your name.
", to which RoboCop smiles and replies, "Murphy".
<EOS>
The game opens with a group of Magnemite—magnet-like Pokémon with levitation abilities—delivering a television to the player's house.
Upon turning the television on, Professor Oak appears to request the player's help: he is creating a new television network for Trainers and their Pokémon to enjoy together, and he wants the player to serve as a beta tester.
He has them watch an episode of an anime called Pichu Bros.
and then introduces the game's basic features before leaving them alone.
The player then hears Pokémon cries from outside, which turn out to belong to a Pikachu and two other creatures: the reptilian Treecko and the avian Torchic.
While the others run off, the Pikachu stays and the player adopts it.
Oak decides to allow Pikachu to be a second beta tester.
After completing a few tasks, the player returns to Oak's channel, and the Professor remarks that Pikachu has behaved remarkably well.
The overexcited Pikachu uses its Thunderbolt attack on the television and destroys it.
Unfazed, Oak has the Magnemite deliver a "retro" television while the player and Pikachu wait for a replacement of the original.
When the replacement arrives the next morning, the Professor remarks that the player's viewership has brought life to the network and helped spawn new shows.
The player then finds a bus stop and visits Viridian Forest, a location that first appeared in Pokémon Red and Blue.
The third day opens with Pikachu asleep in the cupboard and Oak expressing pleasure at the Pokémon's growing attachment to the player.
On the fourth day, Pikachu invites its friends back over.
Little else occurs on these two days besides visits to the snowy Mt.
Snowfall and the tropical Cobalt Coast, although Oak does continue to laud the player's investment in the network, which has become a huge success.
On the morning of the fifth day, the Pokémon News Flash reports on a breaking news story: a disc containing the unaired fifth episode of Pichu Bros.
was dropped and lost by the delivery Magnemite on their way to the show's broadcasting studio.
After obtaining a lamp from a friendly Duskull in the front lawn, the player takes a bus back to Mt.
Snowfall, where the disc was presumed lost.
Eastward are the Ruins of Truth, where the stubborn Ghost-type Pokémon Gengar blocks the player's path until it is scared away by the lamp.
Inside the Ruins, Pikachu gets stuck inside a statue of the bat-like Pokémon Golbat.
Upon being shaken free, the missing disc pops out.
The player hands it back to Magnemite, who is waiting sheepishly outside, and heads home to watch the last episode, along with a video called Meowth's Party.
Oak informs the player that every program produced for his network has been aired, thanking the player and Pikachu for their time, and announces the impending arrival of a gift for them.
The gift, which arrives the following morning, is a "Star Projector", a device for viewing images flashed across the sky.
That night, Professor Oak notices that a Pokémon has arrived at the player's house—the rare and legendary Jirachi—which leaves him in shock.
The player, Pikachu, and Jirachi then visit Camp Starlight, the locale for which the Projector is intended.
Using it, they project the entire series of Pichu Bros.
and Meowth's Party onto the sky for the universe to see, and the story ends.
This event also allows players of the PAL version (ia.
Europe and Australia) to download a Jirachi to a copy of Pokémon Ruby or Sapphire via the Nintendo GameCube – Game Boy Advance link cable.
<EOS>
The series opens at Felicity's high school graduation, where she asks Ben Covington, a classmate on whom she has a crush, to sign her yearbook.
Moved by his comment that he wished they had gotten to know each other further, she changes her education plans completely, deciding to follow Ben to New York rather than attend Stanford University as a pre-med student.
Felicity's overbearing parents, concerned about Felicity's seemingly rash decision, come to New York to try to persuade her to return home and "get back on track".
Felicity has second thoughts about her decision, but soon realizes that she came not only to follow Ben, but to discover her true inner self.
While Felicity works to sort out her emotions, she continues the basic motions of student life and moves into her dorm.
There, she meets the resident advisor Noel Crane.
Eventually, romance ensues, and the relationships among Felicity, Ben, and Noel form the basic dramatic conflicts in the show throughout the series.
A number of other characters appear and play large roles in Felicity's life.
Her roommate for the first two years is Meghan Rotundi, a goth Wiccan who occasionally "casts spells" on Felicity and others.
Julie Emrick is one of Felicity's best friends, as is Elena Tyler, who often takes classes with Felicity.
Felicity also has male friends, including Sean Blumberg, who is always trying to produce new off-kilter inventions, and Javier Clemente Quintata, who manages the coffee house Dean & DeLuca, where Felicity works for most of her college career.
A recurring episode opener of the show is a stark camera shot of Felicity sitting in a dormitory room or apartment holding a tape recorder, recalling events in order to make a cassette tape to send to an old friend named Sally Reardon (voiced by Janeane Garofalo).
This occasionally provides a method for Felicity to narrate an entire episode.
At the end of episodes like this, Felicity is often shown to be listening to a tape that Sally has sent in reply.
<EOS>
In two volumes, The Red and the Black: A Chronicle of the 19th Century tells the story of Julien Sorel’s life in a monarchic society of fixed social class.
Book I presents Julien Sorel, the ambitious son of a carpenter in the fictional village of Verrières, in Franche-Comté, France.
He would rather read and daydream about the glory days of Napoleon's long-disbanded army than work his father’s timber business with his brothers, who beat him for his intellectual affectations.
He becomes an acolyte of the abbé Chélan, the local Catholic prelate, who later secures him a job tutoring the children of Monsieur de Rênal, the mayor of Verrières.
Although he appears to be a pious, austere cleric, Julien is uninterested in the Bible beyond its literary value and how he can use memorised passages (learnt in Latin) to impress important people.
He enters a love affair with Monsieur de Rênal’s wife, which ends when it is revealed to the village by her chambermaid, Elisa, who is also in love with Julien.
The abbé Chélan orders Julien to a seminary in Besançon, which he finds intellectually stifling and pervaded with social cliques.
The initially cynical seminary director, the abbé Pirard likes Julien and becomes his protector.
Later Pirard (a Jansenist) leaves the seminary but fearing backlash against his protégé, recommends Sorel as private secretary to the diplomat Marquis de la Mole, a Catholic legitimist.
Book II takes place in the years leading up to the July Revolution of 1830.
During this time Julien Sorel lives in Paris as an employee of the de la Mole family.
Despite his moving among high society and his intellectual talents, the family and their friends condescend to Julien for being an uncouth plebeian.
Meanwhile, Julien is acutely aware of the materialism and hypocrisy that permeate the Parisian élite, and that the counter-revolutionary temper of the time renders it impossible for even well-born men of superior intellect and аеsthetic sensibility to participate in the nation's public affairs.
The Marquis de la Mole takes Julien to a secret meeting, then despatches him on a dangerous mission to communicate a letter (Julien has it memorised) to the Duc d'Angouleme, who is exiled in England; however, the callow Julien is mentally distracted by an unsatisfying love affair, and thus only learns the message by rote, missing its political significance as a legitimist plot.
Unwittingly, he risks his life in service to the monarchists he most opposes; to himself, he rationalises these actions as merely helping the Marquis, his employer, whom he respects.
Meanwhile, the Marquis’s bored daughter, Mathilde de la Mole, has become emotionally torn between her romantic attraction to Julien, for his admirable personal and intellectual qualities, and her social repugnance at becoming sexually intimate with a lower-class man.
At first, he finds her unattractive, but his interest is piqued by her attentions and the admiration she inspires in others; twice, she seduces and rejects him, leaving him in a miasma of despair, self-doubt, and happiness (for having won her over her aristocratic suitors).
Only during his secret mission does he gain the key to winning her affections: a cynical jeu d’amour (game of love) taught to him by Prince Korasoff, a Russian man-of-the-world.
At great emotional cost, Julien feigns indifference to Mathilde, provoking her jealousy with a sheaf of love-letters meant to woo Madame de Fervaques, a widow in the social circle of the de la Mole family.
Consequently, Mathilde sincerely falls in love with Julien, eventually revealing to him that she carries his child; despite this, whilst he is on diplomatic mission in England, she becomes officially engaged to Monsieur de Croisenois, an amiable, rich young man, heir to a duchy.
Learning of Julien’s romantic liaison with Mathilde, the Marquis de la Mole is angered, but relents before her determination and his affection for Julien, and bestows upon Julien an income-producing property attached to an aristocratic title, and a military commission in the army.
Although ready to bless their marriage, he changes his mind after receiving the reply to a character-reference letter he wrote to the abbé Chélan, Julien’s previous employer in the village of Verrières; the reply letter, written by Madame de Rênal — at the urging of her confessor priest — warns the Marquis that Julien Sorel is a social-climbing cad who preys upon emotionally vulnerable women.
On learning of the Marquis’s disapproval of the marriage, Julien Sorel travels back to Verrières and shoots Madame de Rênal during Mass in the village church; she survives, but Julien is imprisoned and sentenced to death.
Mathilde tries to save him by bribing local officials, and Madame de Rênal, still in love with Julien, refuses to testify and asks for his acquittal.
Despite this, along with the efforts of priests who have looked after him since his early childhood, Julien Sorel is determined to die because the materialist society of Restoration France will not accommodate a low-born man of superior intellect and æsthetic sensibility who possesses neither money nor social connections.
Meanwhile, the presumptive duke, Monsieur de Croisenois, one of the fortunate few of Bourbon France, is killed in a duel fought over a slur upon the honour of Mathilde de la Mole.
Her undiminished love for Julien, his imperiously intellectual nature, and its component romantic exhibitionism, render Mathilde’s prison visits to him a duty.
When Julien learns he did not kill Madame de Rênal, his genuine love for her is resurrected — having lain dormant throughout his Parisian time — and she continues to visit him in jail.
After he is guillotined, Mathilde de la Mole re-enacts the cherished 16th-century French tale of Queen Margot, who visited her dead lover, Joseph Boniface de La Mole, to kiss the lips of his severed head.
She makes a shrine of his tomb in the Italian fashion.
Madame de Rênal, more quietly, dies in the arms of her children.
<EOS>
On the outskirts of a small town there is a rock formation called Witch Mountain rumored to possess mysterious powers.
The twins, named Danny and Anna, are found by Zoe Moon (Perrey Reeves), a young waitress.
She notices when the children's hands touch, they create a wave of purple energy.
However, before she can do anything, the infant children are separated when Bruno the Hermit (Brad Dourif) places Anna on a truck upon Bruno being spotted by Sheriff Bronson (Kevin Tighe).
Danny (Erik von Detten) spends the next nine years of his life between foster families, with none of which he feels at home with his recent run-away being thwarted by Bronson and his men.
Frustrated by the inability to place Danny, his social worker decides to leave him at an orphanage run by Lindsay Brown (Lynne Moody).
Here he is reunited with Anna (Elisabeth Moss) as she saves him from Xander (Sam Horrigan), a well-determine boy.
Danny and Anna are initially not aware of their relationship; despite the odd mannerisms they share identical decisions.
Once touch hands and shin purple light they realize to be siblings with paranormal powers.
Xander is envies seeing Anna and Danny grow closer.
They later foreseen an accident that catch the attention of Edward Bolt (Robert Vaughn), a local magnate seeking to develop the nearby Witch Mountain.
He decides to take care of them as their foster father.
Danny is happy with the development, since he now has his sister and will have a nice home, but Anna is more apprehensive about being adopted by Bolt.
She comes to know Bolt's chauffeur Luthor (Brad Dourif) who is somewhat familiar with the twins.
During one of their outings, Anna uses her psionic abilities.
As a result, the owner of the purple general shop named Waldo Fudd (Vincent Schiavelli) takes them aside, revealing that he possesses the same abilities they do.
He goes on to say that there are many more like them, all extraterrestrials from a world where everyone has a twin.
They came to Earth to explore, but all of them separated out of quarrels they experienced on Earth.
Waldo has been working to reunite them all and take them home.
Meanwhile, Zoe sees the purple light from the front of the shop and recognizes it; she confronts Waldo in hopes of finding the twins she saw, but he dismisses her declaration.
She spoke to a cosmologist if there are any parallel worlds like Earth, then Waldo leaves her some clues as to what will happen to Anna and Danny, if she wants to help them.
Bolt's true intentions are to exploit the twins' power to blast open Witch Mountain without explosives in order to obtain its valuable rock material, despite Waldo's protest that the mountain must not be tamper with.
When Anna discovers the truth she telepathically warns Danny, but Bolt use Anna as a hostage so Danny will do as he asks.
Xander busts them out when the orphan kids come over to play, Danny communicates with a black horse named Thunderbolt to ride them to Waldo's shop, making Lindsay suspicious to why would they run away from Bolt as he sends in the police to retrieve them.
At Witch Mountain, Anna and Danny escape with help from Zoe and Bruno as they combine each other's hands to levitate Bruno's truck.
Upon his plot being exposed by Luthor, Bolt is arrested by Bronson.
It is here where Waldo and many other united twins are waiting for them.
Bruno and Luthor are revealed to be twins as well and end up joining them.
Using Waldo and his twin's power on the other side, they all return home in pairs, with Anna and Danny going last to close the gate between their home world and Earth.
Waldo casually comments that he will be waiting for the next group of tourists.
Anna and Danny float up into the purple smoke to Witch Mountain.
Zoe narrates that Witch Mountain is not haunted but has light in it.
<EOS>
Tia and Tony follow their Uncle Bene to Earth in his attempts to find his long-lost-grandson.
Bolt discovers that Tia and Tony have returned and he sends out Deranian to catch Jason O’ Day so he can lead Bolt and Deranian to Tia and Tony.
Uncle Bene is telling the kids that they must go back to their planet while he searches for his grandson.
His grandson was on a nature walk with his class when a bridge broke and Gregory, Uncle Bene’s grandson, moved a big log over to his class with his powers so they could grasp it and they could climb up to safety.
Tia and Tony refuse to leave and Uncle Bene dies because of his old age and he lets them search for his grandson.
Tia and Tony go to Jason O’ Day who agrees to help them find Gregory.
When they stop to buy Tia and Tony some clothes, Jason goes back to his car and he’s kidnapped by Deranian and Bolt.
They give him a drink that makes him drunk and Jason tells them where the kids are.
The kids come to Bolt’s mansion to rescue Jason and they run away to a hospital where Gregory is.
They tell Gregory all about himself and while they are taking him back home, Tia and Tony decide to stay and, with Jason, find all the survivors and send them back home.
<EOS>
Lawrence Jamieson is an intelligent and sophisticated British con artist operating in the French Riviera with the help of manservant Arthur and corrupt police official Andre.
He seduces wealthy and morally suspect women and steals their money.
His only concern is a con artist known as "The Jackal" who has been preying on other wealthy victims.
When underachieving American hustler Freddy Benson searches for easy marks in Beaumont-sur-Mer, Lawrence's home base, Lawrence believes the Jackal has shown his face.
Worried that Freddy's inexperienced antics will scare away his prey, Lawrence has Freddy arrested and put on the next plane out of town.
However, Freddy meets one of Lawrence's former marks and deduces that he is also a crook.
Returning to Beaumont-sur-Mer, Freddy forces Lawrence to take him on as a pupil in exchange for his silence.
Lawrence attempts to teach Freddy about high culture with limited success.
He also involves him as a subordinate player in his cons, making him play the mentally challenged and socially inept Ruprecht in order to scare away their female targets after their money has been acquired.
Freddy, tired of not getting paid and the humiliating part he has to play, strikes out on his own.
Lawrence believes there are not enough potential victims in Beaumont-sur-Mer for both of them, so a bet is proposed to decide who will stay.
The first to con $50,000 out of a selected mark may remain; the other must leave town.
The two select Janet Colgate, a naive American heiress, and embark on their separate strategies while ruthlessly sabotaging each other.
Freddy poses as a psychosomatically crippledS.
Navy officer unable to walk after seeing his fiancee cheat on him with DanceSA.
host Deney Terrio, who needs to borrow $50,000 for treatment by the celebrated Liechtenstein psychiatrist dr Emil Shaffhausen.
When Lawrence discovers this scheme he claims to be dr Shaffhausen, insisting Freddy's condition is one he can cure, stipulating that Janet pay the $50,000 fee directly to him.
Lawrence discovers that Janet is not wealthy but on vacation as a contest winner; she intends to liquidate most of her assets to pay for Freddy's treatment.
Touched by Janet's kindness, Lawrence calls off the bet.
Freddy agrees, but proposes a new bet: Janet herself, with the first to bed her declared the winner.
Lawrence refuses to bed Janet; instead the bet will be whether or not Freddy can succeed.
Lawrence keeps Janet from having any time alone with Freddy in which they might consummate a relationship.
With the help of some British sailors, Freddy waylays Lawrence and rushes to Janet's hotel room where he demonstrates his love by walking to her.
However, Janet is not alone.
Lawrence is present and declares Freddy cured of his ailment.
Ushering Freddy out of the room he explains that the sailors released him after discovering that he is a Royal Naval Reserve officer.
The sailors, angry at being duped by Freddy, keep him occupied at a party while Lawrence puts Janet on a plane to America.
Despite his impending loss, Freddy becomes inebriated and enjoys the party.
The next day, instead of boarding her flight, Janet returns to her hotel room to find a repentant Freddy there.
They kiss, close the door and begin undressing.
The news reaches Lawrence and he accepts his defeat with grace.
While Lawrence is waiting for Freddy to return and gloat over his victory, Janet arrives in tears.
She tells him that Freddy stole the money her father sent.
Lawrence compensates her with $50,000 of his own, calls Andre to have Freddy arrested, and takes Janet to the airport.
At the last minute before Janet boards the plane, she tells Lawrence that she cannot take the money and gives the bag back to him.
As the plane leaves, the police arrive with Freddy, wearing nothing but a bathrobe, who claims that Janet robbed the both of them, including Freddy's clothes.
Lawrence opens up the bag to find Freddy's clothes and, underneath, a note from Janet admitting to having taken the $50,000 and revealing herself to be the Jackal.
Freddy is furious while Lawrence is impressed.
The following week, Freddy and Lawrence are at Lawrence's villa contemplating their loss.
They are about to part company when the Jackal, posing as a New York City real estate developer, arrives in a yacht filled with wealthy people.
She promptly has the shocked Lawrence and Freddy assume roles in her scheme and, after sending her guests off to refresh themselves, takes the pair aside and announces that while she made three million dollars the previous year, "[their] fifty thousand was the most fun".
Joining arms, they set out to fleece their latest victims.
<EOS>
Frenchmen Mario and Jo, German Bimba and Italian Luigi are stuck in the isolated town of Las Piedras.
Surrounded by desert, the town is linked to the outside world only by a small airport, but the airfare is beyond the means of the men.
There is little opportunity for employment aside from the American corporation that dominates the town, Southern Oil Company (SOC), which operates the nearby oil fields and owns a walled compound within the town.
SOC is suspected of unethical practices such as exploiting local workers and taking the law into its own hands, but the townspeople's dependence upon it is such that they suffer in silence.
Mario is a sarcastic Corsican playboy, who treats his devoted lover, Linda, with disdain.
Jo is an aging ex-gangster who just recently found himself stranded in the town.
Bimba is an intense, quiet individual whose father was murdered by the Nazis, and who himself worked for three years in a salt mine.
Luigi, Mario's roommate, is a jovial, hardworking individual, who has just learned that he is dying from cement dust in his lungs.
Mario befriends Jo due to their common background of having lived in Paris, but a rift develops between Jo and the other cantina regulars because of his combative, arrogant personality.
A massive fire erupts at one of the SOC oil fields.
The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine.
With short notice and lack of proper equipment, it must be transported within jerrycans placed in two large trucks from the SOC headquarters, 300 miles away.
Due to the poor condition of the roads and the highly volatile nature of nitroglycerine, the job is considered too dangerous for the unionized SOC employees.
The company foreman, Bill O'Brien, recruits truck drivers from the local community.
Despite the dangers, many of the locals volunteer, lured by the high pay: US$2,000 per driver.
This is a fortune to them, and the money is seen by some as the only way out of their dead-end lives.
The pool of applicants is narrowed down to four handpicked drivers: Mario, Bimba and Luigi are chosen, along with a German named Smerloff.
Smerloff fails to appear on the appointed day, so Jo, who knows O' Brien from his bootlegging days, is substituted in his place.
The other drivers suspect that Jo murdered Smerloff in order to facilitate his own hiring.
Jo and Mario transport the nitroglycerin in one vehicle; Luigi and Bimba in the other, with thirty minutes separating them in order to limit potential casualties.
The drivers are forced to deal with a series of physical and mental obstacles, including a stretch of extremely rough road called "the washboard", a construction barricade that forces them to teeter around a rotten platform above a precipice, and a boulder blocking the road.
Jo finds that his nerves are not what they used to be, and the others confront Jo about his increasing cowardice.
Finally, Luigi and Bimba's truck explodes without warning, killing them both.
Mario and Jo arrive at the scene of the explosion only to find a large crater rapidly filling with oil from a pipeline ruptured in the blast.
Jo exits the vehicle to help Mario navigate through the oil-filled crater.
The truck, however, is in danger of becoming bogged down and during their frantic attempts to prevent it from getting stuck, Mario runs over Jo.
Although the vehicle is ultimately freed from the muck, Jo is mortally wounded.
On their arrival at the oil field, Mario and Jo are hailed as heroes, but Jo is dead and Mario collapses from exhaustion.
Upon his recovery, Mario heads home in the same truck, now freed of its dangerous cargo.
He collects double the wages following his friends' deaths, and refuses the appointed chauffeur offered by SOC.
Mario jubilantly drives down a mountain road, while a party is being held at the cantina back in town where Mario's friends eagerly await his arrival.
Mario swerves recklessly and intentionally, having cheated death so many times on the same road.
He takes one corner too fast and plunges through the guardrail to his death.
Linda, dancing in the cantina, appears to faint.
<EOS>
The film opens with a prologue that consists of four segments described by critics as "vignettes".
They show the principal characters in different parts of the world and provide their backstories.
Nilo (Rabal), an elegantly dressed man, enters a flat in Veracruz.
Nilo immediately executes the unassuming tenant with a silenced revolver and proceeds to casually walk out onto the square.
A group of Arab terrorists disguised as Jews cause an explosion in Jerusalem and take shelter at their hideout, where they assemble weaponry and plan their escape.
After getting surrounded by the military, they split up; two are killed and one is apprehended.
The only one who manages to escape is Kassem (Amidou).
The segment finishes as he helplessly stares from a crowd at his captured companion.
While discussing a book his wife is editing, Victor Manzon (Cremer) discovers an anniversary gift from her: a watch with a special dedication.
After meeting with the president of the Paris Stock Exchange, where he is accused of fraud, Victor is given 24 hours to make amends.
Victor meets his business partner, Pascal, and they quarrel; Victor insists that Pascal contact his father for assistance.
Victor dines with his wife and her friend in a glamorous restaurant; he later receives a message from a butler that Pascal is waiting outside.
When he learns that Pascal's father has refused to help, Victor is adamant that they try again.
He walks his partner to a car, but Pascal flabbergasts Victor by committing suicide.
Faced with impending doom, Victor leaves both his country and wife.
An Irish gang robs a church with rival connections in Elizabeth that organizes bingo games, and they shoot one of the priests.
Back in their car, the gang members engage in a heated argument that causes Jackie Scanlon (Scheider), the driver, to lose concentration and collide with a truck.
Everyone is killed but Scanlon, escaping with severe injuries.
The wounded priest turns out to be the brother of Carlo Ricci, a Mafia director who also controlled the flow of money in the church and now wants to kill Scanlon at all costs.
Jackie meets with his friend Vinnie, who reveals his fate and finds a suitable place to escape.
The one option Jackie has is to agree.
Kassem, Victor, and Jackie all assume fake identities and end up in Porvenir, a remote village in Latin America.
Its conditions provide a stark contrast to their previous lives.
The village economy is heavily reliant on an American oil company.
Kassem befriends a man called 'Marquez' (John), presumably a Nazi war veteran.
They all live in extreme poverty and earn meager salaries.
All want out, but their savings are inadequate for emigration.
After some time, Nilo arrives in the village, raising suspicions.
In the meantime, an oil well over away explodes, and the only way to extinguish the fire is to use dynamite.
Since the only available dynamite has been improperly stored in a remote depot, the nitroglycerin contained inside has become highly unstable; the faintest vibration could cause an explosion.
With all other means ruled out, the only way to transport it is to use trucks.
The company seeks four drivers to man two of the vehicles.
Kassem, Victor, Jackie and 'Marquez' are offered the job, but they have to assemble the trucks using scrap parts.
Shortly before their departure, Nilo kills and replaces 'Marquez', which angers Kassem.
The four drivers embark upon a perilous journey of over 200 miles, facing many hazards and internal conflicts.
Despite their differences, they are forced to co-operate.
Eventually, after some setbacks, only Scanlon survives the ordeal and towards the end, struggles to stay sane, overwhelmed by hallucinations and flashbacks.
When his truck's engine dies just two miles short of the destination, he is forced to carry the remaining nitroglycerin on foot.
At the bar back in Porvenir, Jackie is given legal citizenship and payment for the job by the oil company, as well an offer of another job; before he leaves, he asks a scrub woman for a dance.
As the two dance, Carlo Ricci's henchmen, along with his old friend Vinnie, emerge from a taxi outside.
They walk into the bar, and, after a gravid pause, and the sound of a gunshot, the screen cuts to the end credits.
<EOS>
The plot of Pincher Martin surrounds the survival and psychophysical, spiritual and existential plight of one Christopher Hadley "Pincher" Martin, a temporary naval lieutenant who believes himself to be the sole survivor of a military torpedo destroyer which sinks in the North Atlantic Ocean.
At the start of the novel Martin is in the water and desperately fighting for his life.
He is apparently saved after being providentially washed ashore a rocky mid-Atlantic islet.
He deduces that his naval crew is dead and begins his grim struggle for survival but, as time goes by, a series of strange and increasingly terrifying events, which he at first dismisses as hallucinations, slowly provokes in him an existential crisis.
Throughout the novel Golding juxtaposes themes of sanity and insanity, and reality and unreality.
At first Martin is portrayed as a thinking individual, who uses his intelligence, education and training to source food, collect fresh water and alert any potential rescuers.
It is in fact during this rational phase that Martin is at his most delusional.
It his only when insanity takes hold that he begins to comprehend the reality of his predicament: 'There is a pattern emerging.
I do not know what the pattern is but even my dim guess at it makes my reason falter'.
The novel's twist ending reveals that Martin actually drowned shortly after his ship was sunk; when his body is found, it is noted that "he didn't even have time to kick off his seaboots".
This means that his struggle for survival on the island never actually happened, which changes the work into an allegory of purgatory and damnation.
In the "Radio Times" of 21 March 1958, Golding explains that Martin driven by an selfish greed for life has continued to exist in another dimension: "His drowned body lies rolling in the Atlantic but the ravenous ego invents a rock for him to endure on".
<EOS>
Many children have imaginary friends, but one father, David Gore, becomes rather concerned that his son of twelve, Matthew, is a bit old to have one.
His concerns deepen as his son becomes increasingly distressed and blames it on arguments with this unseen companion, which he calls "Chocky".
As the story unfolds, it becomes clear that the friend is far from imaginary, but is an alien consciousness communicating with Matthew's mind—a fact that is of intense interest to shadowy government forces.
"Chocky" reveals that it is a scout sent from its home planet (where there is only one sex) in search of new planets to colonise, or to provide subtle guidance to newly-emerging intelligent life.
"Chocky", talking "through" Matthew, explains to David that in becoming overly attached to Matthew and saving him and his sister from a recent accident, it has violated the rules of its scout mission (interfering with events on Earth) and must end its link with him completely.
Its further work on Earth will be conducted in a much more covert manner.
<EOS>
Samson, a Danite Hebrew placed under Nazirite vows from birth by his mother Hazelelponit, is engaged to a Philistine woman named Semadar.
At their wedding feast, Samson loses a bet with his wedding guests because of Semadar and attacks 30 Philistines to strip them of their cloaks to pay his betting debt.
When his deeds become known, Semadar and her father Tubal are killed; Samson becomes a hunted man and in his fury he begins fighting the Philistines.
The Saran of Gaza imposes heavy taxes on the Danites, with the purpose of having Samson betrayed by his own people.
The Saran's plan works, and frustrated Danites hand over Samson to the Philistines, much to the joy of Delilah, Semadar's younger sister.
Samson is taken by Prince Ahtur, the military governor of the land of Dan, and a regiment of Philistine troops.
En route back to Gaza, Ahtur decides to taunt Samson.
Samson rips apart his chains and ropes and begins to combat the Philistines, toppling Ahtur's war chariot and using the jawbone of an ass to club the Philistine soldiers to death.
News of the defeat of Ahtur at the hands of Samson reaches the Saran.
The Saran ponders how to defeat Samson.
Delilah comes up with the idea of seducing Samson, thus having him reveal the secret of his strength and then deliver him for punishment.
Her plan works; she cuts his hair, which he feels gives him his strength.
To fully neutralize him, Samson is blinded by his captors and put to slave work, and is eventually brought to the temple of Dagon for the entertainment of the Philistines and the Saran.
However, Delilah has been in love with Samson ever since his engagement with Semadar, and his blindness and torture make her feel deep remorse over her betrayal.
She initially had betrayed him because she wanted to avenge the deaths of her father and sister, which she thought were caused "because of Samson".
Delilah later attends the public torture of Samson wielding a whip which he uses to be guided by her to the temple of Dagon's main support pillars.
Once he stands between them, he tells Delilah to flee, but she remains, unseen by him, as he pushes the pillars apart.
The pillars give way and the temple collapses, burying Samson, Delilah, and all the Philistines inside alive, including the court.
In the end, the temple lies in rubble, and Saul and Miriam, his two closest Danite Hebrew friends, are left to mourn Samson's passing.
It is implied that the disaster has caused utter chaos among the Philistines, who are then forced to give up Israel to deal with their internal crisis.
<EOS>
The movie begins with an egotistical film director, played by director Maurizo Nichetti himself, discussing his latest film on an intellectual Italian TV channel which is about to broadcast it at short notice in place of a more highly regarded competitor’s.
His "masterpiece" follows the bleak travails of a poverty-stricken unemployed man (again played by Nichetti) who finds work in a chandelier factory, but cannot resist stealing one of the gleaming lights for his wife.
The pompous director is initially pleased with the seriousness with which his work is analysed, but he then becomes distraught when his black-and-white opus is repeatedly interrupted by full-colour commercials.
The TV audience, watching in their homes, are completely oblivious of the interruptions and the "outrages" perpetrated on the director’s artistic intentions.
Finally, a power failure in the studio results in (colour) characters from the adverts appearing in the (black-and-white) film-within-a-film after the commercial breaks, and interacting with its protagonists, thus completely changing its plot and concept.
The director himself is drawn into his own movie via the TV studio’s television set, and begins arguing with the characters.
<EOS>
Fugitive bank robbers and brothers Seth and Richie Gecko are fleeing theBI.
and Texas police.
They hold up and destroy a liquor store, killing the clerk and a cop.
Two witnesses they held hostage in the store escape during the shooting.
They still hold a bank clerk hostage in the trunk of their car, whom Richie later rapes and murders.
The Fuller family—Jacob, the father and a pastor who is experiencing a crisis of faith; his son Scott; and daughter Kate—are on a vacation in their RV.
They stop at a motel and are promptly kidnapped by the Geckos, who force the Fullers to smuggle them past the Mexican border.
Seth and Jacob make an uneasy truce: if the Geckos can make it past the border, Jacob and his family will come out of the ordeal unharmed.
They arrive at the "Titty Twister", a strip club in the middle of a desolate part of Mexico, where the Geckos will be met by their contact, Carlos, at dawn.
The Geckos demand that the Fullers have a drink with them before leaving, despite Kate's obvious discomfort.
Soon after entering the club, chaos ensues as the employees and strippers are all revealed to be vampires.
Most of the patrons are quickly killed, and Richie is bitten by the star stripper, Santanico Pandemonium, and bleeds to death.
Only Seth, Jacob, Kate, Scott, a biker named Sex Machine, and Frost—a Vietnam War veteran—survive the attack.
The slain patrons, including Richie, then come back to life as vampires, forcing Seth to kill his own brother.
During this second struggle, one of the vampires bites Sex Machine in the arm.
Subsequently, Sex Machine changes into a vampire and bites Frost and Jacob before Frost throws Sex Machine through the door, which allows an army of vampires to enter as bats from the outside.
Seth and the Fullers desperately escape to a back storeroom and fashion anti-vampire weapons from items found therein, including a pneumatic drill, crossbow, shotgun, and holy water, which requires Jacob to recover his faith to bless.
Jacob, knowing he will soon turn into a vampire, makes a reluctant Scott and Kate promise to kill him when he changes.
The four make their final assault on the undead.
Jacob changes, but Scott hesitates to dispatch his father, allowing Jacob to bite Scott.
Scott hits Jacob with holy water and shoots him.
Scott is captured by several vampires who begin to devour him.
Begging for death, Scott is shot by Kate.
Only Seth and Kate survive, surrounded by vampires.
Just as they contemplate suicide, streams of sunlight shine through new holes in the walls, making the vampires back away.
Dawn has come, and Carlos is trying to shoot his way in.
On Seth's call, Carlos' bodyguards blast open the door, letting in full sunlight and killing every vampire inside.
Carlos admits that he had never entered the club, but that he had thought it looked like "a fun place".
Kate asks Seth if she can go with him to El Rey, Mexico, but he declines, saying, "I may be a bastard, but I'm not a fucking bastard".
They go their separate ways after Seth gives Kate some cash.
As they leave, it is revealed that the "Titty Twister" structure was actually the top of a partially buried ancient Aztec temple, presumably the home of vampires for centuries, and that hundreds of vehicles have been toppled down the side of the cliff.
<EOS>
Elle Woods wants her Chihuahua, Bruiser, to reunite with his mother, because she would like Bruiser's mom to attend Elle and Emmett's wedding.
Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser's mother, only to discover that the owner of her dog's mother is C'est Magnifique, a cosmetics company that uses Bruiser's mother for "testing".
She finds out that her law firm represents the C'est Magnifique Corporation.
Elle decides to leave Boston, where she and Bruiser have settled with her fiancé Emmett, and go to Washington,C, to work on Bruiser's Bill.
Elle is upset that her dog's mother is in a make-up testing laboratory, and decides to take it upon herself to be the "voice for those who can't speak" and to outlaw animal testing.
While working for Congresswoman Victoria Rudd, Elle is met with skepticism and other barriers common to Washington politics.
Rudd's member of staff, Timothy, sarcastically calls her "Capitol Barbie".
(There has even been a Barbie doll based on Elle Woods) After a variety of ups and downs including a failed attempt to improve her work environment by having her co-workers write compliments about one another and place them in the "snap cup", Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics.
As the story moves along, Elle discovers that Bruiser is actually gay, after she is paged by "The Paws that Refreshes: A Doggy Day Spa".
Bruiser has been affectionate with Leslie, a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks, the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce which has jurisdiction over Bruiser's Bill.
Elle also finds that Congresswoman Libby Hauser, the Ranking Member of the same committee, was a member of Elle's sorority Delta Nu.
As a result, both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser's Bill.
Elle also discovers that Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working against her.
Rudd has been doing so in an effort to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named "Bob" (who is never seen, but with whom Rudd has several telephone conversations).
However, Rudd is eventually blackmailed into supporting Elle's petition, because Rudd's Chief of Staff, Grace Rossiter, eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser's Bill in order to help Rudd's sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals.
As Grace is appalled that Rudd lied to Elle and blamed it on her, Grace and Elle eventually reach a place of mutual respect, especially after Grace admits she came to WashingtonC.
with an enthusiasm not unlike Elle's, but later lost that idealism when she discovered how dirty politics could really be.
With the help of her friends, Elle's discharge petition is successful, and Bruiser's Bill is brought to the floor of the House.
Bruiser's mother and the rest of the dogs are released by C'est Magnifique Corporation.
Elle and Emmett get married in a park inC, albeit not at Fenway Park as they had planned, but standing on the home plate which has been delivered toC.
by the UPS Guy.
In the final scene, Emmett asks Elle whether they want to live in  Beverly Hills, WashingtonC, or Boston.
As Elle has many legal and political job offers after the successful discharge hearing, she responds, "Oh, I think I know just the place," and winks as they drive by the White House.
<EOS>
A jock sneaks into his supposed girlfriend's house with flowers for her.
It is cold inside and when he approaches his girlfriend's room he finds a dead man with his mouth wide open.
He then spots two more corpses.
Elsewhere, Luke Callahan and Roger, two college freshmen and virgins, are desperate to get laid.
While doing their laundry after drinking to much beer, Luke meets two seductive girls named Lily and Constance.
When Lily deliberately leaves a roll of quarters in the laundry, an inebriated and horny Luke goes to return them to her.
He finds her room is unlocked and he decides to sneak in, finding that it is very cold inside.
But when the girls suddenly return, he decides to hide in the closet.
Luke watches as the girls open the windows and let the cold winter air surround them, seemingly arousing and comforting them as they strip naked, much to Luke's amusement.
He then watches in horror and confusion as reptilian tentacles unfold from their chests and sexually arouse them while Constance sprays Lilly down with a can of liquid nitrogen.
The police have found the body of a young man from the college, frozen from the inside out and his mouth wide open with a look of terror on his face.
The forensic scientists assume a "keg drinking tube" was shoved down his throat, not realizing it was actually Lily, who shoved her alien tentacle down his throat while raping him.
Luke, with his girlfriend Alex, decide to try to find out what these aliens are and if needed, exterminate them.
The aliens have come to Earth to impregnate men, as their race is dying out.
To save their people, the aliens persuade men to come with them, promising sex.
However, the "mating" process involves sticking their tentacles down the male's throat.
Most men die because they cannot survive the cold temperature.
Roger allows Constance to "mate" with him after she explains everything as she has fallen in love with him when she wasn't supposed to.
She explains that they're merely trying to survive and that they don't want anyone to die.
He agrees to allow her to impregnate him, giving her race a chance to survive.
Luke comes in just in time to see a baby alien crawl out of Roger's mouth.
Roger dies soon after, leaving Constance horrified because she didn't want him to die.
Luke then discovers that, while the aliens love the cold, they hate heat.
In the end, using a home-made flamethrower he exterminates Lily, Constance and the other aliens, not knowing the truth of their mission.
Alex congratulates him and they start to have sex.
There's a sudden flashback to the very beginning of the movie when the jock finds the dead men.
He looks up and sees Alex who then says "You're early".
Suddenly Luke realizes Alex is an alien.
He screams as she pins him down and rapes him and her tentacles appear.
The camera zooms out of the room as Luke's screams fade away.
<EOS>
The story is about a lawsuit concerning injuries caused by a defective automobile.
The suit takes on a personal dimension because the injured plaintiff's attorney, Jedediah Tucker Ward (Gene Hackman) discovers that the automobile manufacturer's attorney Maggie Ward (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) is his estranged daughter.
Jedediah Ward is a liberal civil rights lawyer who has based his career on helping people avoid being taken for a ride by the rich and powerful; he's pursued principle at the expense of profit, though he has a bad habit of not following up on his clients after their cases are settled.
Jed's daughter, Maggie, has had a bad relationship with her father ever since she discovered that he was cheating on her mother, Estelle (Joanna Merlin), and while she also has made a career in law, she has taken a very different professional route by working for a high-powered corporate law firm and has adopted a self-interested political agenda.
Jed is hired to help field a lawsuit against a major auto manufacturer whose station wagons have a dangerous propensity to explode on impact while making a left turn, but while his research indicates he has an all but airtight case against them, the case becomes more complicated for him when he discovers that Maggie is representing the firm he's suing.
The auto manufacturer in the film also utilizes a "bean-counting" approach to risk management, whereby the projections of actuaries for probable deaths and injured car-owners is weighed against the cost of re-tooling and re-manufacturing the car without the defect (exploding gas tanks) with the resulting decision to keep the car as-is to positively benefit short term profitability.
<EOS>
The plot is a day in the life of a glamorous fashion photographer, Thomas (Hemmings), inspired by the life of an actual "Swinging London" photographer, David Bailey.
After spending the night at a doss house where he has taken pictures for a book of art photos, Thomas is late for a photo shoot with Veruschka at his studio, which in turn makes him late for a shoot with other models later in the morning.
He grows bored and walks off, leaving the models and production staff in the lurch.
As he leaves the studio, two teenage girls who are aspiring models (Birkin and Hills) ask to speak with him, but the photographer drives off to look at an antiques shop.
Wandering into Maryon Park, he takes photos of two lovers.
The woman (Redgrave) is furious at being photographed.
The photographer then meets his agent for lunch, and notices a man following him and looking into his car.
Back at his studio, the woman arrives asking for the film, but he deliberately hands her a different roll.
She in turn writes down a false telephone number to give to him.
His many enlargements of the black and white film are grainy but seem to show a dead body in the grass and a killer lurking in the trees with a gun.
He is disturbed by a knock on the door, but it is the two girls again, with whom he has a romp in his studio and falls asleep.
Awakening, he finds they hope he will photograph them but he tells them to leave, saying, "Tomorrow.
Tomorrow.
"  As evening falls, the photographer goes back to the park and finds the body of a man, but he has not brought his camera and is scared off by a twig breaking, as if being stepped on.
The photographer returns to his studio to find that all the negatives and prints are gone except for one very grainy blowup showing the body.
After driving into town, he sees the woman and follows her into a club where The Yardbirds, featuring both Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck on guitar and Keith Relf on vocals, are seen performing the song "Stroll On".
A buzz in Beck's amplifier angers him so much he smashes his guitar on stage, then throws its neck into the crowd, the photographer makes a grab for it as a souvenir.
The photographer grabs the neck and runs out of the club before anyone can snatch it from him.
Then he has second thoughts about it, throws it on the pavement and walks away.
A passer-by picks up the neck and throws it back down, not realizing it's from Beck's guitar.
At a drug-drenched party in a house on the Thames near central London, the photographer finds both Veruschka, who had told him that she was going to Paris – when confronted, she says she is in Paris – and his agent (Peter Bowles), whom he wants to bring to the park as a witness.
However, the photographer cannot put across what he has photographed.
Waking up in the house at sunrise, he goes back to the park alone and finds that the body is gone.
Befuddled, he watches a mimed tennis match, is drawn into it, picks up the imaginary ball and throws it back to the two players.
While he watches the mime, the sound of the ball being played is heard.
As the photographer watches this mimed match alone on the lawn, his image fades away, leaving only the grass as the film ends.
<EOS>
On Christmas Eve in 1973, an orphaned infant boy stows away on Santa Claus' sack.
When discovered back at the North Pole, he is adopted by Papa Elf.
Papa Elf names his son Buddy.
Buddy grows up at the North Pole believing he is an elf, but due to his human size he is unable to perform elf tasks.
When Buddy accidentally learns that he is human, Papa Elf explains that he was born to Walter Hobbs and Susan Wells, and was given up for adoption without Walter knowing.
Susan died and Walter works at a children's book publisher in New York City at the Empire State Building.
Santa notes that Walter is on the naughty list due to his greed and selfishness, but suggests Buddy could help redeem him, and so Buddy travels alone to New York.
Buddy has trouble acclimating to the customs of the human world.
Buddy finds his father's office, but Walter has him ejected after Buddy mentions Susan Wells.
After following a security guard's sarcastic suggestion to go "back to Gimbels" due to his elf outfit, the Gimbels' manager mistakes him for an employee at Santa Land.
He meets Jovie, an unenthused employee to whom he is attracted.
Knowing that Santa will arrive the next day, Buddy stays behind and spends the night decorating Santa Land, and buys a nightie for Walter.
The next day, Buddy is appalled that the store's Santa is not real and rips off the man's fake beard, causing them to fight, with the manager having to subdue the fake Santa.
Walter bails Buddy out of prison and takes him to dr Leonardo for a DNA test, which confirms that Buddy is Walter's son.
The doctor convinces him to take Buddy home to meet his step-mother Emily and 12-year-old half-brother Michael.
Walter and Michael are annoyed by Buddy's childlike behavior, but Emily insists that they take care of him until he "recovers".
Buddy wins Michael over by helping him defeat a gang of bullies in a snowball fight and Michael encourages Buddy to ask Jovie out.
Walter learns from his boss Fulton Greenway that his company is in financial trouble after publishing a failed children's book, and organizes a book pitch for Christmas Eve, for which Walter and his associates Eugene and Morris arrange a meeting with best-selling children's author Miles Finch to hire him.
One night, Buddy goes on a date with Jovie and wins her over.
On Christmas Eve, Buddy bursts into Walter's office during a meeting with Finch to tell Walter about his love, and mistakes Finch for an elf because of his dwarfism.
Finch loses his temper and attacks Buddy before storming out, causing Walter to yell at Buddy.
Eugene and Morris find a notebook Finch left that is filled with ideas for children's books.
Walter pitches these ideas to Greenway, but Michael bursts in to tell Walter that Buddy ran away.
Greenway refuses to reschedule; Walter quits his job and leaves to find Buddy.
Santa's sleigh crashes in Central Park, attracting a large crowd.
Buddy finds him and discovers that the sleigh's engine has broken off, meaning that it cannot fly without Christmas spirit.
Walter and Michael find Buddy, and Walter apologizes and accepts Buddy as his son; Buddy then takes them to meet Santa.
Michael takes Santa's list and reads it in front of the gathered TV news cameras to prove he exists.
The Central Park Rangers, who never forgave Santa for putting them on the naughty list for an unidentified wrongdoing, chase his sleigh as Buddy tries to reattach the engine.
Jovie leads the gathered people in singing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town", helping raise enough Christmas spirit to partially power the sleigh.
Walter is convinced by Michael to start singing, which restores enough Christmas spirit to allow it to fly.
By next Christmas, Walter has started his own publishing company with the first best-selling book titled Elf, an account of Buddy's adventures.
Buddy and Jovie have a daughter named Susie, named after his biological mother.
During the film's closure, they visit Papa Elf at the North Pole.
<EOS>
Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their newborn daughter Melody on a ship at sea.
Ariel's father King Triton presents Melody with a magic locket.
The party is interrupted by Ursula's sister Morgana, who threatens to cause Melody harm, using her as leverage to get Triton's trident.
Ariel and Eric work together to foil Morgana's plan.
Morgana escapes, and eludes the attempt of King Triton's forces to capture her.
Fearing Morgana and remembering Ursula, Ariel decides, until Morgana is captured, they will have to withhold all knowledge of the sea world and her heritage from Melody in order to protect her.
The locket is tossed into the ocean, and a massive wall is built to separate the royal castle from the sea.
Triton assigns Sebastian to keep an eye on Melody.
Twelve years later, Melody remains unaware of her mother’s mermaid heritage and is forbidden from ever going into the sea.
However, she has been sneaking out of the castle regularly to swim, and one day finds the locket.
Seeing her name on the locket, Melody confronts her mother and, frustrated with her mother's refusal to answer her questions, Melody takes a boat and sails away from home.
Her parents soon learn that she is gone, and Triton uses his trident to transform Ariel back into a mermaid to help in the search for Melody.
Melody is lured to Morgana’s lair by her minions, Cloak and Dagger the manta rays, and Undertow the tiger shark, and Morgana uses the remains of Ursula's magic to, temporarily, transform Melody into a mermaid.
Morgana says that the transformation can be made permanent if Melody can get hold of the trident, which she claims was stolen from her by Triton.
With the help of Tip the penguin and Dash the walrus, Melody successfully returns to Morgana with the trident.
Ariel tries to stop Melody, but before she can explain that Morgana is evil, Melody gives the trident to Morgana.
With the trident in her power, Morgana reveals her true intentions and grabs Ariel with her tentacle and holds her hostage, and traps Melody underwater in a ice cavern, with the spell that turned Melody into a mermaid about to wear off.
Morgana uses the trident's magic to lord over the ocean, rising to the surface to gloat.
Scuttle, Triton, Sebastian, and Eric arrive, and a battle ensues against Morgana and her minions.
Melody, having been freed by Tip and Dash, and brought back up to the surface before she could drown, is unaffected by the trident's power over sea life in her human form, manages to grab the trident and throw it back to Triton, having climbed-up the cliff on which Morgana is standing and sneaking up on her; with his trident restored to him, Triton uses his trident to encase Morgana in a block of ice, which sinks underwater.
Melody reunites with her family, and Triton offers his granddaughter a choice of becoming a mermaid permanently.
Instead, Melody uses the trident to disintegrate the wall separating her home from the sea, reuniting the humans and the merpeople, as all would have been before Morgana first interfeared.
<EOS>
The action is set in the Hall of David Bliss's house at Cookham, Berkshire, by the River Thames.
Sorel and Simon Bliss, a brother and sister, exchange artistic and bohemian dialogue.
Judith, their mother, displays the absent-minded theatricality of a retired star actress, and David, their father, a novelist, is concentrating on finishing his latest book.
Each of the four members of the Bliss family, without consulting the others, has invited a guest for the weekend.
Judith announces that she has decided to return to the stage in one of her old hits, Love's Whirlwind.
She and Sorel and Simon amuse themselves acting out a melodramatic passage from the play beginning, "Is this a game.
" "Yes, and a game that must be played to the finish.
" They are interrupted by the ringing of the doorbell.
Clara, Judith's former dresser and now her housekeeper, opens the door to the first of the four guests, Sandy Tyrell, a sporty fan of Judith's.
The next arrival is the vampish Myra Arundel, whom Simon has invited.
The other two guests arrive together: Richard Greatham, a diplomat, and Jackie Coryton, a brainless but good-hearted young flapper.
Tea is served.
Conversation is stilted and eventually grinds to a halt.
The scene ends in total and awkward silence.
The family insists that everyone should join in a parlour game, a variety of charades in which one person must guess the adverb being acted out by the others.
The Blisses are in their element, but the guests flounder and the game breaks up.
Simon and Jackie exit to the garden, Sorel drags Sandy into the library, and David takes Myra outside.
Left alone with Richard, Judith flirts with him, and when he chastely kisses her she theatrically over-reacts as though they were conducting a serious affair.
She nonplusses Richard by talking of breaking the news to David.
She in turn is nonplussed to discover Sandy and Sorel kissing in the library.
That too has been mere flirtation, but both Judith and Sorel enjoy themselves by exaggerating it.
Judith gives a performance nobly renouncing her claim on Sandy, and exits.
Sorel explains to Sandy that she was just playing the theatrical game for Judith's benefit, as "one always plays up to Mother in this house; it's a sort of unwritten law".
They leave.
David and Myra enter.
They too indulge in a little light flirtation, at the height of which Judith enters and finds them kissing.
She makes a theatrical scene, with which David dutifully plays along.
Simon rushes in violently, announcing that he and Jackie are engaged.
Sorel and Sandy enter from the library, Judith goes into yet another bout of over-theatrical emoting.
In the ensuing uproar, Richard asks "Is this a game.
" Judith, Sorel and Simon seize on this cue from Love's Whirlwind and trot out the melodramatic dialogue as they had in Act David is overcome with laughter and the uncomprehending guests are dazed and aghast as Judith ends the scene by falling to the floor as if in a faint.
A breakfast table has been laid in the hall.
Sandy enters and begins eating nervously.
At the sound of someone approaching he escapes into the library.
Jackie enters, helps herself to some breakfast and bursts into tears.
Sandy comes out and they discuss how uncomfortable they were the night before and how mad the Bliss family are.
When they hear people approaching, they both retreat to the library.
Myra and Richard now enter and begin breakfast.
Their conversation mirrors that of Sandy and Jackie, who emerge from the library to join them.
All four decide that they are going to return to London without delay.
Sandy agrees to drive them in his motor car.
They go upstairs to collect their things.
Judith comes down, asks Clara for the Sunday papers and begins reading aloud what the gossip columns say about her.
The rest of her family enter.
David proposes to read them the final chapter of his novel.
Immediately, a minor detail about the geography of Paris is blown into a full-scale family row, with everyone talking at once about whether the Rue Saint-Honoré does or does not connect with the Place de la Concorde and hurling insults at each other.
They are so wrapped up in their private row that they do not notice when the four visitors tiptoe down the stairs and out of the house.
The Blisses are only momentarily distracted when the slam of the door alerts them to the flight of their guests.
Judith comments, "How very rude.
" and David adds, "People really do behave in the most extraordinary manner these days".
Then, with no further thought of their four tormented guests, they happily return to David's manuscript and to what passes for their normal family life.
<EOS>
The movie opens with a German children's song, "Hänschen klein", mixed with black-and-white footage of prewar and war scenes.
It then segues to color and a German platoon raid on a Russian forward outpost led by Sergeant Rolf Steiner (James Coburn), during which his men capture a Russian boy-soldier (Slavko Štimac).
An aristocratic Prussian officer, Captain Stransky (Maximilian Schell), is posted as a new battalion commander in the Kuban bridgehead on the Eastern Front in 1943.
Stransky proudly tells the regimental commander, Colonel Brandt (James Mason), and his adjutant, Captain Kiesel (David Warner), that he applied for transfer from occupied France to front line duty in Russia so that he can win the Iron Cross.
When Stransky meets Steiner for the first time, he orders Steiner to shoot the boy prisoner in strict observance of a standing order.
When Steiner refuses, Stransky prepares to shoot the boy himself, but at the last moment, Corporal Schnurrbart (Fred Stillkrauth) saves the boy by volunteering to do it.
Later, Stransky informs Steiner that he has been promoted to Senior Sergeant, and is puzzled by Steiner's nonchalant response.
Stransky also discovers that his adjutant, Lieutenant Triebig (Roger Fritz), is a closet homosexual after Stransky surreptitiously sees Triebig stroking the cheek of an enlisted orderly, Josef Keppler.
While waiting for an anticipated attack, Steiner releases the young Russian, only to see the boy killed by advancing Soviet troops.
As Stransky cowers in his bunker, Lieutenant Meyer (Igor Galo), the respected leader of Steiner's company, is killed while leading a successful counterattack.
Steiner is wounded in the same battle trying to rescue a German soldier and is sent to a military hospital to recover.
There, he is haunted by the faces of the dead men and the boy (in a dream sequence prior to waking from a coma), and has a romantic liaison with his nurse (Senta Berger).
After he has recovered, Steiner is offered a home leave but decides instead to return to his men.
When he arrives, Steiner is informed that Stransky has claimed that he, not Meyer, led the successful counterattack, and has been nominated for the Iron Cross.
Stransky named as witnesses Triebig (blackmailing him with his homosexuality), and Steiner.
Stransky tries to persuade Steiner to corroborate his claim by promising to look after him after the war.
Brandt questions Steiner in the hope that he will expose Stransky's lies, but Steiner only states that he hates all officers, even those as "enlightened" as Brandt and Kiesel, and requests a few days to ponder his answer.
When his battalion is ordered to retreat, Stransky does not notify Steiner's platoon, abandoning them.
Making their way back through now enemy territory, the men capture an all-female Russian detachment.
While Steiner is busy, Zoll (Arthur Brauss), a despised Nazi Party member, takes one of the women into the barn to rape her.
She bites off his genitals and he kills her.
Meanwhile, young Dietz, left to guard the rest of the women alone, is distracted and killed as well.
Disgusted, Steiner locks Zoll up with the vengeful Russian women, taking their uniforms to use as a disguise.
As the men near the German lines, they radio ahead to avoid friendly fire.
Stransky suggests to Triebig that Steiner and his men be 'mistaken' for Russians.
Triebig orders his men to shoot the incoming Germans; only Steiner, Krüger and Anselm survive.
Triebig denies responsibility, but Steiner kills him and goes looking for Stransky.
At this moment, the Soviets launch a major assault.
Brandt orders Kiesel to be evacuated, telling him that men like him will be needed to rebuild Germany after the war.
Brandt then rallies the fleeing troops for a counterattack.
The same children's song plays again, until the final credits.
Steiner confronts Stransky and, instead of killing him, offers him a weapon in order to see "where the crosses of iron grow".
Stransky accepts Steiner's "challenge", and they head off together for the battle.
The film closes with Stransky trying to figure out how to reload his MP40, while being shot at by an adolescent Russian soldier who resembles the boy-soldier released by Steiner.
When Stransky asks Steiner for help, Steiner begins to laugh.
The laughter continues through the credits and pictures of civilian victims from World War II and later conflicts.
<EOS>
The series begins with the friendly relationship between James Jackson Jr.
(Tim Daly), the son of the plantation owner, and one of the slaves, Easter (Jasmine Guy), at the Jackson estate, known as Forks of Cypress, near Florence in northern Alabama.
James and Easter have grown up together (within the social limits of the plantation culture), and gradually their feelings for each other have developed into romance.
Easter is the daughter of an African-American house slave, Captain Jack (Paul Winfield), and his true love, Annie, another slave, who is part-Cherokee, and who is no longer on the Jackson property.
James Jackson Sr.
(Martin Sheen), an Irish immigrant who has accumulated considerable wealth, becomes ill and soon dies.
Minutes after the death James Jr.
retreats to the comfort of the weaving house, where Easter was born, and where she lives and works.
James and Easter make love, then, several months later, while they are alone, Easter reveals to him that she is pregnant with his child.
Meanwhile, Sally Jackson (Ann-Margret), the new widow, encourages her son, James Jr, to marry the respectable, socially equal and wealthy heiress, Elizabeth "Lizzie" Perkins (Patricia Clarkson), the daughter of a neighboring planter.
On April 8, 1841, Easter gives birth to a healthy girl.
Excited about his new granddaughter, Captain Jack announces to the family and friends during dinner in the "big house" that a slave child has just been born, and he assures James, "Easter's doing just fine".
That displeases Lizzie, who is present for the dinner, and who soon becomes James's fiancée.
Lizzie, having concluded that the new baby is James's child, excuses herself from the table and throws a fit.
Moments later she vows to her mother (Charlotte Moore) that she'll never marry him, but her mother persuades her otherwise.
Captain Jack begins to refer to the baby as Princess, but, when James enters the birth in the record book, he writes the name Queen.
He also leaves blank the section for the name of the father.
James proposes marriage to Lizzie the next evening, Lizzie accepts, and the wedding takes place at the home sometime later.
James continues to visit Easter at night, sometimes every night, during both his engagement and his marriage.
Although James is Lizzie's husband, he is still in love with Easter.
Later Lizzie learns that she has become pregnant.
She and James welcome a daughter, Jane, whom Queen attends and serves.
Although Jane and Queen are half-sisters, the family does not acknowledge that relationship (because of Queen's status as a slave).
James later persuades Easter to let Queen live in the main house, where she can receive training as a lady's maid.
Both Easter and Lizzie oppose that plan, but James's word is final, so at age 5 Queen (Raven-Symoné) moves into the mansion.
Jane and Queen grow up as friends and playmates.
However, the other slave children tease and torment Queen because of her light skin and her ability to read and write.
By 1860, several years later, the two young ladies, Queen (Halle Berry) and Jane (Jane Krakowski), have grown up, and they begin to attract the attention of the young men in Florence.
In the next year, 1861, Alabama secedes from the United States, the North declares war against the South, and James enters the Confederate Army and heads northward.
While James rides away in a cavalry unit, Easter confirms to Queen that he is her "pappy".
On July 21, 1861, during the First Battle of Bull Run, in Prince William County, Virginia, near Manassas, James sustains an injury which causes him to become discharged and sent back home.
When James arrives at home, he learns that Jane, his legitimate daughter, has died during an epidemic of diphtheria, and he reaches the weaving house only moments after Easter too, with Queen beside her, dies of diphtheria.
Queen continues to serve the aging ladies, Sally and Lizzie, in the big house, and, in the absence of an overseer, takes over his function also, supervising the remaining field hands, after half of them left and went North.
Soon James forms a regiment, receives a promotion to the rank of colonel, and heads back into the war.
Eventually the Union Army reaches Florence and the Jackson plantation, where the Northern soldiers loot and plunder, wantonly destroy property, insult the ladies and the slaves, and brutalize the slaves, for whose benefit they have claimed to fight the war to free them.
During another battle, Col.
Jackson sustains another injury, which causes the amputation of his right arm without anesthesia of any type.
Captain Jack dies as a free man, with Sally Jackson and Queen beside him.
Missus Jackson advises Queen to go wherever she might wish among the blacks, saying that there is no food and no place for her at the estate, and that she can expect no help from them, despite the known relationship between Queen and the Jackson family.
Queen, however, strongly objects, insisting that the plantation is her home, and they are her family.
Parson Dick (Ossie Davis), another slave there, warns Queen about the difficulties awaiting mulattoes, quadroons, and octoroons in the new free society.
mr Henderson (Leo Burmester), the former overseer, and his wife (Linda Hart) have left the Jackson plantation, and they now run a nearby grocery store, where young redneck white men hang out, and James trades.
mr and mrs Henderson, however, freely insult James and Queen.
After an unpleasant confrontation at the store with mrs Henderson and with several of the tough young white men, Queen runs away and hides until the next morning, then, tired and hungry, she returns home.
Queen and Lizzie exchange unkind words, and Queen leaves.
While Queen pauses at the grave of her mother, Missus Jackson bids her goodbye and hands her a sum of money.
James and Queen meet on the driveway in the front of the house as James returns from a long search for Queen that morning.
They speak briefly, then Queen continues walking away.
Queen realizes in Florence how easily she can "pass" as a white lady, so she resolves to do so; there she buys a one-way ticket and rides one or more horse-drawn stagecoaches (on an unlikely journey) to Charleston, South Carolina.
At a charitable soup kitchen Queen meets Alice (Lonette McKee), another fair-skinned young "colored" lady who also passes as white.
Alice befriends Queen, takes her into her apartment, cleans her up, teaches her about passing, and takes her to a white dance hall, where she meets Alice's white gentleman friend, George (Dan Biggers), who gets Queen a job in a flower shop.
While at work Queen meets Digby (Victor Garber), an injured former Confederate soldier, who quickly falls for her and soon proposes to her.
Queen accepts, then tells Alice, who insists that such a marriage would be foolish and strongly urges Queen to break the engagement.
Queen, naïve and strong-willed, decides to go to Digby's apartment, intending to break off.
Digby, after a surprising twist, begins to seduce Queen with some help from a dose of laudanum.
While Queen objects and resists, she blurts out that she is a Negro.
Digby then flies into a rage, beats her, rapes her, and throws her out.
Queen returns to Alice, who also throws her out, to protect her own position and reputation.
The next day, after a miserable night in a camp of black homeless people, Queen staggers into a meeting of a black church, where she receives much help from a kindly woman, who later takes her to the home of two self-righteous and sanctimonious spinsters, Misses Mandy (Sada Thompson) and Giffery, who hire Queen as a live-in maid.
A few days later Davis (Dennis Haysbert), a gardener and a former slave, arrives in the backyard in search of work.
Queen and Davis start a friendship, which turns into romance and results in pregnancy.
Queen first seeks an abortion, then she decides to keep the child, so she confronts Davis, who invites her to meet him at the railway station, presumably to head north.
Although Queen waits at the station well into the evening, Davis fails to appear, so she dejectedly returns to the old maids.
Miss Mandy labels her as a wicked, naughty girl and a fallen sinner, but she and Miss Giffery allow her to remain.
In due time the two spinsters, acting as midwives, attend the birth of a healthy boy.
Queen wants to give him the name David, but the two women prefer the name Abner.
A white minister christens the baby, predictably, as Abner.
Misses Mandy and Giffery increasingly take over Abner, apparently intending to raise him as though he were their own.
Eventually one night Queen flees and heads north with six-month-old Abner in her arms.
At a crossroads store and lunchroom Queen meets mrs Benson (Frances Conroy), an upper-middle-class white mother of a 15-month-old son, for whom she needs a wet nurse.
They ride away toward the Benson home, in Beaufort, South Carolina, which is south, not north, of Charleston (and which is on the way to Savannah, Georgia, but not on a direct way to Savannah, Tennessee, Queen's destination).
When Queen and mrs Benson arrive in Beaufort, they meet mr Benson (Richard Jenkins) amid a crowd of angry black former slaves, striking for more pay and more respect, under the vocal persuasion and agitation of Davis, the father of Abner.
Later Queen finds Davis, confronts him, berates him for having abandoned her and Abner, then shares his bed until the next morning.
mrs Benson deceives Queen and uses her and Abner in such a way as to enable mr Benson, a leader among the local Ku Klux Klan, to find and capture Davis.
mrs Benson, feigning concern for the security of Davis, urges Queen to leave Abner with her in safety and to hurry to Davis and warn him that he is in imminent danger of a "terrible work" of the Klan.
Queen goes, and a Klansman follows.
When Queen returns to the Benson home, she learns that Abner is absent, and mrs Benson says that Abner "is doing God's work tonight".
The next morning Queen goes to Davis' cabin, where she finds his hanged and charred body, along with Abner, inside a wooden chicken cage at his father's feet.
In the next scene Queen and Abner, now a toddler of about two years, walk together and, near Savannah, Hardin County, Tennessee, board a small wooden ferryboat, where they meet Alec Haley (Danny Glover), who operates the ferry, along with his son, Henry (Kenny Blank).
While crossing a river Alec asks Queen where she wishes to go, and she answers, "North".
Alec senses the general nature of Queen's situation and her motive.
Alec gently persuades Queen to ride back to the south side, saying that in the North she would find only "cold weather and cold-hearted Yankees", so Queen acquiesces.
Soon Alec introduces Queen to Dora (Madge Sinclair), the cook in the home of mr Cherry (George Grizzard), a widower, where she gets a job as a maid.
Queen, brooding over her regrettable experiences, adopts a defensive and disagreeable attitude, which becomes obvious to everyone around her.
Dora tells her, "It's high time you figure out who your friends are, Missy", and mr Cherry tells her, "You are the most ornery maid I've ever had".
Later Alec describes her to herself as "never talking peaceable to a living soul" and "hating the world for whatever the world done to you".
However, Queen responds to those helpful words by allowing a friendship to develop between Alec and herself and by changing her attitudes.
Soon mr Cherry comments, "She really lights up this old place when she smiles", and suggests, "Let's just hope it continues".
The relationship between Queen and Alec grows into romance, which results not only in a wedding, in which mr Cherry gives the bride away, but also, eventually, the birth of another child, whom Queen names as Simon.
Queen expresses high hopes for Simon's future, and she predicts that he'll become "magnificent".
When Simon (Jussie Smollett) completes the sixth grade, the point at which black boys in the South typically (in the subject setting) drop out of school to start full-time work in the fields, as did Henry and Abner, Simon's teacher comments to Queen that he is "the best student in the district".
Alec vigorously argues with Queen against Simon's staying in school, but Queen presents persuasive logic, and he eventually agrees to "waste" one of the three boys.
[In the US high schools did not generally exist until about 1910, and they started in the larger, wealthy cities.
]  One day Queen takes Abner and Simon back to the Forks of Cypress, the Jackson plantation, to show them where she was raised and to share her memories of her childhood.
When they arrive there, the funeral for James Jackson, her father, takes place, and she pays her respect from a distance.
Queen then shows her sons the weaving house, where she lived as a girl, along with her mother Easter's grave and the Jackson mansion.
Inside the house Lizzie Jackson accosts her bitterly and tells her that she does not belong there, as the mansion was never truly her home.
Queen quickly leaves, feeling again sad and rejected by the white side of her family.
In due time Simon becomes the first black boy in Savannah to complete grade school, and, after another major disagreement at home, Simon begins making plans to go to the normal school in Memphis, Tennessee.
Further, Abner announces that he too wishes to go out into the world to make his own way.
Alec reluctantly consents, but Queen strongly objects, likely due in part to her bitter memories of the time when the two spinsters in Charleston tried to take Abner away from her.
That confrontation leads to a conflict among Queen on one hand and Alec and Abner on the other, in which Queen emotionally reveals to Abner that Alec is not his real father.
Still feeling upset and agitated and allowing her feelings to divert her attention, while stoking the wood-fired cast-iron cookstove, Queen causes or allows a flame to start a fire, which in turn ignites her long dress.
Queen runs out of the house and into the surrounding woodland.
The fire in the dress dies out, and Queen sustains only minimal physical injuries.
However, undoubtedly recalling the frightful scene in which she discovered the charred and strangled body of Davis hanging from a noose, Queen experiences an emotional, mental, or psychological trauma, which then causes Alec to commit her to a mental-health institution, in Bolivar, Tennessee, about 50 miles from home.
Alec realizes, and he says to Queen and Abner separately, that Queen's psychological problems result from certain events in her life which she's never discussed with Alec or anyone else.
After several weeks in the depressing "lunatic asylum", someone on the staff sends a request from Queen to mr Cherry to visit her.
During a meeting at the hospital Queen politely and humbly tells her former employer about Abner's wish to "find his own place in the world".
But Queen and Alec have already given all their cash to Simon for his schooling, so Queen asks mr Cherry for a loan of $50, which he graciously agrees to make.
Queen tearfully thanks him and compliantly returns to her room.
Soon Queen decides that she needs to go home, so that she can see her sons when they leave, and she convinces the man in charge that the time is right.
Alec picks her up and takes her home in a wagon.
Queen and Alec take Abner and Simon on the ferryboat across the Tennessee River and, on the west side of the stream, they place their sons aboard a carriage bound for Memphis, about 116 miles due west of Savannah.
[In truth at the time of the applicable setting there was in Memphis no normal school which enrolled black students; Simon actually went to Lane College, a black school in Jackson, Tennessee, where he met and began to court Bertha George Palmer, from Henning, Tennessee.
]  Back at home the aging couple sit on the front porch, and Queen starts to tell Alec about her life, starting with her time as a slave girl with Jane at the Jackson plantation.
<EOS>
DEA agents collect MI6 agent James Bond and Felix Leiter, on their way to Leiter's wedding in Key West, to have them assist in capturing drugs lord Franz Sanchez.
Bond and Leiter capture Sanchez by attaching a hook and cord to Sanchez's plane and pulling it out of the air with a Coast Guard helicopter.
Afterwards, Bond and Leiter parachute down to the church in time for the ceremony.
Sanchez bribes DEA agent Ed Killifer and escapes.
Meanwhile, Sanchez's henchman Dario and his crew ambush Leiter and his wife Della and take Leiter to an aquarium owned by one of Sanchez's accomplices, Milton Krest.
Sanchez has Leiter lowered into a tank holding a great white.
When Bond learns Sanchez has escaped, he returns to Leiter's house to find Leiter has been maimed and that Della has been murdered—and by implication raped.
Bond, with Leiter's friend Sharkey, start their own investigation.
They discover a marine research centre run by Krest, where Sanchez has hidden cocaine and a submarine for smuggling.
After Bond kills Killifer using the same shark tank used for Leiter, M meets Bond in Key West's Hemingway House and orders him to an assignment in Istanbul, Turkey.
Bond resigns after turning down the assignment, but M suspends Bond instead and revokes his licence to kill.
Bond becomes a rogue agent, although he later receives unauthorised assistance from  Bond boards Krest's ship the Wavekrest and foils Sanchez's latest drug shipment, stealing five million dollars in the process.
He discovers that Sharkey has been killed by Sanchez's henchmen.
Bond rescues Pam Bouvier, an ex-CIA agent and pilot, from Dario at a Bimini bar, and journeys with her to the Republic of Isthmus.
He finds his way into Sanchez's employment by posing as an assassin for hire.
Two Hong Kong Narcotics Bureau officers foil Bond's attempt to assassinate Sanchez and take him to an abandoned warehouse.
They are joined by Fallon, an MI6 agent who was sent by M to apprehend Bond.
Sanchez's men rescue him and kill the officers, believing them to be the assassins.
Later, with the aid of Bouvier, Q, and Sanchez's girlfriend Lupe Lamora, Bond frames Krest by planting the $5 million in the Wavekrest.
Sanchez kills Krest via a decompression chamber and admits Bond into his inner circle.
Sanchez takes Bond to his base, which is disguised as the headquarters of a religious cult.
Bond learns that Sanchez's scientists can dissolve cocaine in petrol and then sell it disguised as fuel to Asian drug dealers.
The televangelist Professor Joe Butcher serves as middleman, working under Sanchez's business manager Truman-Lodge.
During Sanchez's presentation to potential Asian customers, Dario discovers Bond and betrays him to Sanchez.
Bond starts a fire in the laboratory, but is captured again and placed on the conveyor belt that drops the brick-cocaine into a giant shredder.
Bouvier arrives and shoots Dario, allowing Bond to pull Dario into the shredder, killing him.
Sanchez flees as fire consumes his base, taking with him four tankers full of the cocaine and petrol mixture.
Bond pursues them by plane, with Bouvier at the controls.
Bond destroys three of the tankers and kills several of Sanchez's men.
Sanchez attacks Bond with a machete aboard the final remaining tanker, which crashes down a hill side.
A petrol-soaked Sanchez attempts to kill Bond with his machete.
Bond then reveals his cigarette lighter – the Leiters' gift for being the best man at their wedding – and sets Sanchez on fire.
Sanchez stumbles into the wrecked tanker, blowing it up and killing himself.
Bouvier arrives and rescues Bond.
Later, a party is held at Sanchez's former residence.
Bond receives a call from Leiter telling him that M is offering him his job back.
He then rejects Lupe's advances and romances Bouvier instead.
<EOS>
Yuji Nimura (Joe Odagiri) and Mamoru Arita (Tadanobu Asano) are two factory workers, who are constantly irritated by their boss, Fujiwara (Takashi Sasano).
Mamoru entrusts his poisonous jellyfish, which he has been acclimating to fresh water, to Nimura.
Nimura goes to Fujiwara's house one night with the intent of hurting Fujiwara, only to find that Mamoru has already done so.
Mamoru is convicted of the murder but commits suicide on death row, leaving Nimura a private message to "go ahead".
Mamoru's divorced father, Shinichiro (Tatsuya Fuji), takes Nimura in.
Nimura helps with Shinichiro's electronics salvage business, but is still a loose cannon.
He ultimately realizes he must learn to cope with his place in the world, with his responsibilities and his losses, and with the difference between the bright future he dreamed of and the stark reality he finds himself in.
Mamoru's jellyfish escapes its tank and reproduces in the drains of the city (possibly by binary fission, since there is only one).
Nimura takes a job at his sister's office and later encounters a gang of youths in Che Guevara T-shirts.
He helps the group gain after-hours access to the office, but the police caught all but Nimura.
Nimura and Shinichiro see a huge swarm of jellyfish in a man-made river, making their way out to sea.
One of jellyfishes stings Shinichiro, rendering him unconscious.
The gang of youths, now released from police custody, wonder what became of Nimura while they walk aimlessly down the street.
<EOS>
Agnes Grey is the daughter of mr Grey, a minister of modest means, and mrs Grey, a woman who left her wealthy family and married purely out of love.
mr Grey tries to increase the family's financial standing, but the merchant he entrusts his money to dies in a wreck, and the lost investment plunges the family into debt.
Agnes, her sister Mary, and their mother all try to keep expenses low and bring in extra money, but Agnes is frustrated that everyone treats her like a child.
To prove herself and to earn money, she is determined to get a position as a governess.
Eventually, she obtains a recommendation from a well-placed acquaintance, is offered a position, and secures her parents' permission.
With some misgivings, she travels to Wellwood house to work for the Bloomfield family.
The Bloomfields are rich and much crueller than Agnes had expected.
mrs Bloomfield spoils her children while mr Bloomfield constantly finds fault with Agnes's work.
The children are unruly and Agnes is held accountable for them despite being given no real authority over them.
Tom, the oldest Bloomfield child, is particularly abusive and even tortures small animals.
In less than a year, Agnes is relieved of her position, since mrs Bloomfield thinks that her children are not learning quickly enough.
Agnes returns home.
She then begs her mother to help her find a new situation.
Agnes advertises and is given a position in an even wealthier family – the Murrays.
The two boys, John and Charles, are both sent to school soon after her arrival, but the girls Rosalie and Matilda remain her charges.
Matilda is a tomboy and Rosalie is a flirt.
Both girls are selfish and sometimes unpleasant, and although Agnes's position is slightly better than it was at Wellwood house, she is frequently ignored or used in the girls' schemes.
Agnes begins to visit Nancy Brown, an old woman with poor eyesight who needs help reading the Bible; there Agnes meets the new curate, mr Edward Weston.
The next day while on a walk Agnes is surprised by mr Weston, who picks some wild primroses for her.
Agnes later saves one of the flowers in her Bible.
She learns that his mother has died not long ago.
This new friendship is noticed by Rosalie Murray, who has now entered into society and is a favorite with nearly all suitors in the county.
Rosalie becomes engaged to Sir Thomas Ashby, a wealthy baronet from Ashby Park.
She tells Agnes, but makes her promise to keep silent, as she is still going to flirt with other men before she is married.
One day, she and Agnes go on a walk and meet mr Weston.
Rosalie begins to flirt with him, much to Agnes's chagrin.
Agnes receives a note from her sister Mary, who is now married to mr Richardson, a parson of a rectory near their home.
Mary warns that their father is dying and begs Agnes to come.
Agnes arrives too late to see her father alive.
After his funeral, Agnes opens a small school with her mother, leaving behind the Murrays and mr Weston.
She receives a letter from Rosalie who is very unhappy in her marriage and asks Agnes to come for a visit.
Agnes is shocked by the change in Rosalie from a merry girl to an unhappy young woman.
Rosalie confides that she despises Sir Thomas Ashby (and her mother-in-law), and claims he only left London because he was jealous of all the gentlemen she was attracting.
Agnes also hears that mr Weston has left the area, and she grieves, believing she will not be able to see him again.
Agnes leaves Ashby Park and returns home.
Several months after she arrives, she goes for a walk on the sea shore and encounters mr Weston, who had been looking for her since he moved to the nearby parsonage.
He is introduced to Agnes's mother, and they forge a bond.
Agnes finds her attraction to him growing, and she accepts when he proposes marriage.
In the end, Agnes is very happy having married Edward Weston, and they have three children together.
<EOS>
Maggie (Karyn Dwyer) has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim (Christina Cox).
However, Maggie's mother Lila (Wendy Crewson) and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian.
Maggie's freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret.
However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie's family to a host of new experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate".
The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances.
<EOS>
The Enterprise responds to a Romulan distress signal coming from Galorndon Core, a planet near the Neutral Zone with severe radiologic storms that interfere with transporters and communications.
Riker, Worf, and La Forge transport down through a window in the storms and discover wreckage of a Romulan craft on the hostile planet's surface.
Worf finds a Romulan survivor near death and subdues him.
While Riker and Worf take the Romulan back to the beacon for transport back to the ship, La Forge ends up falling into a hidden hole.
Riker and Worf try to find him, but are forced to leave before the transport window in the storms closes.
By the time Geordi has climbed out, it impossible to communicate with the Enterprise.
Aboard the ship, dr Crusher tends to the Romulan, finds that he is also suffering severe neurological damage due to the planet's storms, and that she needs to locate a matching donor of a rare variety of ribosomes to keep him alive.
When Captain Picard asks for suggestions on how to locate Geordi, Wesley Crusher offers the idea of launching a probe onto the planet's surface that would send a neutrino signal that could be detected by La Forge's VISOR, lead him to the probe, and allow him to use it to signal he is alright and able to return to the ship during the next storm window.
As they launch and monitor the probe, the Enterprise detects a communication from Romulan Commander Tomalak.
When they hail him to inform him that the Romulans violated the treaty by entering Federation space, he brushes it off as a misunderstanding and explains that the craft went off course due to a malfunction.
Picard informs him that they found a survivor, and after getting assurances that the crashed craft only had the one occupant, agrees to meet Tomalak at the Neutral Zone to deliver the survivor.
Several crew members suggested a more aggressive response, but Picard warns his crew that they must handle the situation delicately to avoid setting off another war between the Federation and Romulan Empire.
On the surface, La Forge discovers the probe's signal, but while following its guidance, is captured by Bochra, another Romulan survivor of the crash.
Though Bochra holds La Forge hostage, he reveals that he is losing feeling in his legs from the crash, while Geordi notes he is starting to have problems seeing through his VISOR, leading him to conclude that the storms are causing neurological damage, upping the ante that they must get off the planet to survive.
La Forge manages to convince him to take his chances with the Federation, but as they head out to the probe, Geordi succumbs to the neurological damage and is unable to see through his VISOR.
Bochra suggests connecting the VISOR to the tri-corder using the combined technology to be able to direct them to the probe, and the two work together to overcome their physical disabilities to make it there.
On the ship, Worf is found as the only suitable donor for the dying Romulan, but he refuses due to his grudge with the Romulan race for killing his parents.
Picard urges Worf to put his duty to Starfleet over his honor as a Klingon, but it is all for naught when the Romulan succumbs to his wounds and dies.
Tomalak, irate that the Enterprise wasn't at the designated waiting point at the agreed upon time, violates the treaty and appears in front of the Enterprise at the planet.
Picard is forced to report that the Romulan crewman died, which infuriates Tomalak and he prepares to his weapons to fire at the Enterprise.
As the Enterprise raises its shields, they discover La Forge has reached the probe with another lifeform.
Picard warns Tomalak they are lowering their shields to beam up the survivors directly to the bridge.
When they arrive, Bochra reports to Tomalak that La Forge had helped save his life.
Tomalak accepts this and stands down his weapons.
Bochra cautiously thanks La Forge for his help and is returned to the Romulans, and the Enterprise escorts Tomalak's ship back to the Neutral Zone without further incident.
<EOS>
The poem was published on November 10, 1855, and was an immediate success.
In 1857, Longfellow calculated that it had sold 50,000 copies.
Longfellow chose to set The Song of Hiawatha at the Pictured Rocks, one of the locations along the south shore of Lake Superior favored by narrators of the Manabozho stories.
The Song presents a legend of Hiawatha and his lover Minnehaha in 22 chapters (and an Introduction).
Hiawatha is not introduced until Chapter III.
In Chapter I, Hiawatha's arrival is prophesied by a "mighty" peace-bringing leader named Gitche Manito.
Chapter II tells a legend of how the warrior Mudjekeewis became Father of the Four Winds by slaying the Great Bear of the mountains, Mishe-Mokwa.
His son Wabun, the East Wind, falls in love with a maiden whom he turns into the Morning Star, Wabun-Annung.
Wabun's brother, Kabibonokka, the North Wind, bringer of autumn and winter, attacks Shingebis, "the diver".
Shingebis repels him by burning firewood, and then in a wrestling match.
A third brother, Shawondasee, the South Wind, falls in love with a dandelion, mistaking it for a golden-haired maiden.
In Chapter III, in "unremembered ages", a woman named Nokomis falls from the moon.
Nokomis gives birth to Wenonah, who grows to be a beautiful young woman.
Nokomis warns her not to be seduced by the West Wind (Mudjekeewis) but she does not heed her mother, becomes pregnant and bears Hiawatha.
In the ensuing chapters, Hiawatha has childhood adventures, falls in love with Minnehaha, slays the evil magician Pearl-Feather, invents written language, discovers corn and other episodes.
Minnehaha dies in a severe winter.
The poem closes with the approach of a birch canoe to Hiawatha's village, containing "the Priest of Prayer, the Pale-face".
Hiawatha welcomes him joyously; and the "Black-Robe chief" brings word of Jesus Christ.
Hiawatha and the chiefs accept the Christian message.
Hiawatha bids farewell to Nokomis, the warriors, and the young men, giving them this charge: "But my guests I leave behind me/ Listen to their words of wisdom,/ Listen to the truth they tell you".
Having endorsed the Christian missionaries, he launches his canoe for the last time westward toward the sunset and departs forever.
The story of Hiawatha was dramatized by Tale Spinners for Children (UAC 11054) with Jordan Malek.
<EOS>
Recently divorced Meg Altman (Jodie Foster) and her 11-year-old daughter Sarah (Kristen Stewart) have just purchased a four-story brownstone on the Upper West Side of New York City.
The house's previous owner, a reclusive millionaire, installed an isolated room used to protect the house's occupants from intruders.
The "panic room" is protected by concrete and steel on all sides, a thick steel door, and an extensive security system with multiple surveillance cameras, a public announcement system, and a separate phone line.
On the night the two move into the home, it is broken into by Junior (Jared Leto), the previous owner's grandson; Burnham (Forest Whitaker), an employee of the residence's security company; and Raoul (Dwight Yoakam), a ski mask-wearing gunman recruited by Junior.
The three are after $3 million in bearer bonds, which are locked inside a floor safe in the panic room.
After discovering that the Altmans have moved in earlier than expected, Junior convinces a reluctant Burnham, who assumed the house was unoccupied, to continue with their heist.
As they begin the robbery, Meg wakes up and happens to see the intruders on the video monitors in the panic room.
Before the three can reach them, Meg and Sarah run into the panic room and close the door behind them.
They are unable to use the phone in the room which has a separate phone line that was never hooked up by Meg.
Intending to force the two out of the room, Burnham introduces propane gas into the room's air vents.
Raoul, in conflict with Burnham and Junior, dangerously increases the amount of gas.
Unable to seal the vents, Meg ignites the gas while she and Sarah cover themselves with fireproof blankets, causing an explosion which vents into the room outside and causes a fire, injuring Junior.
The Altmans make several attempts to call for help, including signaling a neighbor with a flashlight through the opening of a ventilation pipe, but the neighbor ignores it.
Meg then taps into the main telephone line and gets through to her ex-husband Stephen (Bauchau), before the burglars cut them off.
When all attempts to get into the room fail, Junior lets slip that there is much more money in the safe than he let on, and gives up on the robbery.
About to leave the house, he is shot by Raoul, who forces Burnham, at gunpoint, to finish the robbery.
Stephen arrives at the home and is taken hostage by Burnham and Raoul&mdash;who severely beats him.
To make matters worse, Sarah, who has diabetes, suffers a seizure.
Her emergency glucagon syringe is in a refrigerator outside the panic room.
After using an unconscious Stephen to trick Meg into momentarily leaving the panic room, Burnham enters it, finding Sarah motionless on the floor.
After retrieving the syringe for Sarah, Meg struggles briefly with Raoul, who is thrown into the panic room, his gun knocked out of his hand.
As Meg throws the syringe into the panic room, Burnham frantically locks himself, Raoul, and Sarah inside, crushing Raoul's hand in the sliding steel door.
Meg, who now has the gun, begs the two intruders over the PA system to give Sarah the injection.
After some time Burnham, who has shown no interest in hurting either Meg or Sarah throughout the film, gives Sarah the injection.
While doing so, he tells Sarah he did not want this, and the only reason he agreed to participate was to give his own child a better life.
After Burnham gives Sarah the injection, Sarah thanks him and he tells Meg that Sarah is now alright.
Having earlier received a call from Stephen, two policemen arrive, which prompts Raoul to threaten Sarah's life.
Sensing the potential danger to her daughter, Meg lies to the officers and they leave.
Meanwhile, Burnham opens the safe and removes the $22 million in bearer bonds inside.
As the robbers attempt to leave, using Sarah as a hostage, Meg hits Raoul with a sledgehammer and Burnham flees.
After a badly injured Stephen shoots at Raoul and misses, Raoul disables him and prepares to kill Meg with the sledgehammer, but Burnham, upon hearing Sarah's screams of pain, returns to the house and shoots Raoul dead, stating, "You'll be okay now", to Meg and her daughter before leaving.
The police, alerted by Meg's suspicious behavior earlier, arrive in force and capture Burnham, who lets the bearer bonds go; they fly away with the wind.
Later, Meg and Sarah, having recovered from their harrowing experience, begin searching the newspaper for a new home.
<EOS>
rld has been enslaved by Murk, and players are challenged to free it by collecting the seven fragments of a tablet which are in the possession of seven wizards who inhabit seven towers.
<EOS>
David and his twin sister Jennifer lead very different high-school social lives.
Jennifer is shallow and extroverted; David is introverted and spends most of his time watching television.
One evening while their mother is away, they fight over the TV.
Jennifer wants to watch a concert on MTV, but David wants to watch a marathon of Pleasantville, a black and white 1950s sitcom about the idyllic Parker family.
During the fight, the remote control breaks, and the TV cannot be turned on manually.
A mysterious TV repairman shows up, quizzes David about Pleasantville, then gives him a strange remote control.
The repairman leaves, and David and Jennifer resume fighting.
However, they are transported into the Parkers' black and white Pleasantville living room.
David tries to reason with the repairman (with whom he communicates through the Parkers' television), but he succeeds only in chasing him away.
David and Jennifer must now pretend they are Bud and Mary Sue Parker, the son and daughter on the show.
David and Jennifer witness the wholesome nature of the town, such as a group of firemen rescuing a cat from a tree.
David tells Jennifer they must stay in character and not disrupt the lives of the town's citizens, who do not notice any difference between Bud and Mary Sue, and David and Jennifer.
To keep the show's plot, Jennifer dates a boy from high school but has sex with him, a concept unknown to him and everyone else in town.
Slowly, Pleasantville begins changing from black and white to color, including flowers and the faces of people who have experienced bursts of emotion and personal transformation.
David introduces mr Johnson, owner of the burger joint/soda fountain where Bud works, to colorful modern art via a book from the library, sparking in him an interest in painting.
Johnson and Betty Parker fall in love, causing her to leave home, throwing George Parker, Bud and Mary Sue's father, into confusion.
The only people who remain unchanged are the town fathers, led by the mayor, Big Bob, who sees the changes eating at the values of Pleasantville.
They resolve to do something about their increasingly independent wives and rebellious children.
As the townsfolk become more colorful, a ban on "colored" people is initiated in public venues.
Eventually, a riot is touched off by a nude painting of Betty (painted by Johnson) on the window of mr Johnson's soda fountain.
The soda fountain is destroyed, books are burned, and people who are "colored" are harassed in the street.
As a reaction, the town fathers announce rules preventing people from visiting the library, playing loud music, or using paint other than black, white, or gray.
In protest, David and mr Johnson paint a colorful mural on a brick wall, depicting their world, prompting their arrest.
Brought to trial in front of the town, David and mr Johnson defend their actions, arousing enough anger and indignation in Big Bob that the mayor becomes colored as well.
Having seen Pleasantville change irrevocably, Jennifer stays to finish her education, but David uses the remote control to return to the real world.
<EOS>
The Zeta Project follows the exploits of Zeta and Ro as they attempt to prove that he is genuinely non-violent, whereas the NSA agents pursuing him believe that the terrorists he was investigating before going rogue have reprogrammed him for some unknown purpose.
To prove his innocence, Zeta and Ro search for his creator, the elusive dr Selig.
<EOS>
Rose and her boyfriend Hart get into a motorcycle accident in the Quebec countryside, caused by a van parked in the middle of the road, and then are sent to the nearby Keloid Clinic for Plastic Surgery.
While Hart only suffers from minor injuries - a broken hand, a separated shoulder and a concussion, Rose is severely injured and burned by the incident.
At the clinic, dr Dan Keloid decides to perform a new radical procedure on her, one which uses morphogenetically neutral grafts to her chest and abdomen in the hope that it will differentiate and replace the damaged skin and organs.
One month later, Hart is released while Rose remains in a coma.
One night, Rose awakens from her coma and screams, prompting patient Lloyd Walsh to calm her down and hold her hand, but she causes a vague injury to him as she holds him.
When asked, Lloyd cannot remember anything afterwards and the doctor doesn't know what caused the injury on his right arm; it is only known that his blood isn't clotting from the wound and he cannot feel anything on his right side.
While dr Keloid transfers him to Montreal General Hospital for further evaluation, it is revealed that Rose's experimental procedures have caused a mutation in her body that made her only able to subsist on human blood.
As a result of this, a new organ appearing to be a red phallic stinger emerging from a small orifice has developed underneath Rose's armpit, which can pierce her victims and draw their blood.
One night, Rose leaves the clinic to feed upon a nearby cow's blood (which she vomits from), and soon feeds on a drunken farmer.
Unbeknownst to her, the farmer soon turns into a pale zombie-like monster and attacks a waitress at a nearby diner the next day.
The next day, Lloyd discharges himself from the clinic.
While taking a taxi to the airport, he turns infected and, foaming at the mouth, attacks the driver.
The car crashes into the freeway before a nearby truck accidentally totals them both.
At the clinic, dr Keloid becomes infected by Rose's stinger and attacks from within, which causes panic.
During this time, Rose secretly escapes from the hospital despite calling Hart to come to her aid, and hitchhikes from various people to Montreal.
She infects one of the truck drivers, causing the driver to attack his colleague.
Hart, while searching for Rose, meets up with police chief Claude LePointe and public health officials in talks about an upcoming epidemic; during this time Hart witnesses an officer turned infected getting shot by uninfected police officers.
After he calls Rose's friend named Mindy to keep Rose in her apartment if she appears until he can come over, Rose arrives in the city and stays in her apartment.
While Mindy watches a television broadcast detailing a new strain of rabies now all over Montreal, Rose goes to a sex cinema to infect a leering patron.
Claude LePointe, while riding a limbo with local health officials, are attacked by two infected crewman by putting a jackhammer through the vehicle door and dragging the driver out to feed him, while the official and LePointe escape by driving in reverse.
With the infection turning worse in the city, dr Royce Gentry advises a shoot-to-kill policy to prevent future infections.
Extreme martial law is declared within Montreal, and the doctor works on developing a cure.
National Guard road blocks are set to check for infected people, and a convoy of NBC-suited soldiers ride into the city to assist the authorities with body disposal.
While Murray is killed by his infected wife inside his house, Hart drives into the deserted city to search for Rose; an infected civilian jumps onto his car before being shot, and the bio-warfare suited soldiers spray disinfectant on his car before permitting him to continue driving.
Mindy watches a report about a possible carrier of the infected possibly immune and is traced back to the Keloid Clinic, before Rose walks into the room and feasts on Mindy.
Hart finds Rose in the act and tries to reason with her about treatment, but she refuses to believe him and is denial that she is the responsible for the epidemic that now has claimed many people.
He chases her in the apartment, but he is rendered unconscious and she infects a man awaiting in the apartment lobby.
When Hart awakens, Rose brings the newly infected man to his apartment and locks herself inside the room before calling Hart about her plan; she wants to test Hart's accusation and see if the man turns infected or not.
While Hart frantically tells her to leave the apartment and hopelessly sits at the receiver, the infected man awakens and attacks Rose.
The next morning, Rose's body is found by the bio-ware suited soldiers in an alleyway and they dump her body in the garbage truck, unaware that she is the carrier and possible antidote to the epidemic.
<EOS>
Psychotherapist Hal Raglan runs the Somafree Institute where he performs a technique called "psychoplasmics", encouraging patients with mental disturbances to let go of their suppressed emotions through physiological changes to their bodies.
One of his patients is Nola Carveth, a severely disturbed woman who is legally embattled with her husband Frank for custody of their five-year-old daughter Candice.
When Frank discovers bruises and scratches on Candice following a visit with Nola, he informs Raglan of his intent to stop visitation rights.
Wanting to protect his patient, Raglan begins to intensify the sessions with Nola to resolve the issue quickly.
During the therapy sessions, Raglan discovers that Nola was physically and verbally abused by her self-pitying alcoholic mother, and neglected by her co-dependent alcoholic father, who refused to protect Nola out of shame and denial.
Meanwhile, Frank, intending to invalidate Raglan's methods, questions Jan Hartog, a former Somafree patient dying of psychoplasmic-induced lymphoma.
Frank leaves Candice with her grandmother Juliana, and the two spend the evening viewing old photographs; Juliana informs Candice that Nola was frequently hospitalized as a child, and often exhibited strange unexplained wheals on her skin that doctors were unable to diagnose.
While returning to the kitchen, Juliana is attacked and bludgeoned to death by a small, dwarf-like child.
Candice is traumatized, but otherwise unharmed.
Juliana's estranged husband Barton returns for the funeral, and attempts to contact Nola at Somafree, but Raglan turns him away.
Frank invites his daughter's teacher Ruth Mayer home for dinner to discuss Candice, but Barton interrupts with a drunken phone call from Juliana's home, demanding that they both go to Somafree in force to see Nola.
Frank leaves to console Barton, leaving Candice in Ruth's care.
While he is away, Ruth accidentally answers a phone call from Nola, who, recognizing her voice, insults her and angrily warns her to stay away from her family.
Frank arrives to find Barton murdered by the same deformed dwarf-child, who dies after attempting to kill Frank.
The police autopsy reveals a multitude of bizarre anatomical anomalies: the creature is asexual, supposedly color-blind, naturally toothless, and devoid of a navel, indicating no known means of natural human birth.
After the murder story reaches the newspapers, Raglan reluctantly acknowledges that the murders coincide with the sessions relating to their respective topics.
He closes Somafree and sends his patients to municipal care with the exception of Nola.
When Candice returns to school, two dwarf children attack and kill Ruth in front of her class, and abscond with Candice to Somafree.
Frank is alerted of the closure of Somafree by Hartog.
Mike, one of the patients forced to leave the institute tells Frank that Nola is Raglan's "queen bee" and in charge of some "disturbed children" in a property work shed.
Frank immediately ventures to Somafree.
Raglan tells him the truth about the dwarf children: they are the accidental product of Nola's psychoplasmic sessions; Nola's rage about her abuse was so strong that she parthenogenetically bore a brood of children who psychically respond and act on the targets of her rage with Nola completely unaware of their actions.
Realizing the brood are too dangerous to keep anymore, Raglan plots to venture into their quarters and rescue Candice, provided that Frank can keep Nola calm to avoid provoking the children.
Frank attempts a feigned rapprochement long enough for Raglan to collect Candice, but when he witnesses Nola give birth to another child through a psychoplasmically-induced external womb, she notices his disgust.
The brood awakens and kills Raglan.
Nola then threatens to kill Candice rather than lose her.
The brood goes after her, Candice hides in a closet, but the brood begins to break through the door and try to grab Candice.
In desperation, Frank chokes Nola to death, and the brood dies without its mother's psychic connection.
He carries Candice back to his car and they drive off, but it is hinted that the events she endured result in the same phenomenon her mother experienced: a pair of small bumps are seen growing on her arm.
<EOS>
In the town of Castle Rock, Maine, Johnny Smith (Christopher Walken), a young schoolteacher, is in love with his colleague Sarah Bracknell (Brooke Adams).
After having a headache following a ride on a roller-coaster, Johnny politely declines when Sarah asks if he wants to spend the night with her.
As he drives home through stormy weather, Johnny has a car accident that leaves him in a coma.
He awakens under the care of neurologist dr Sam Weizak (Herbert Lom) and finds that five years have passed and that Sarah has married and had a child.
Johnny also discovers that he now has the psychic ability to learn a person's secrets (past, present, future) through physical contact with them.
As he touches a nurse's hand, he has a vision of her daughter trapped in a fire.
He also sees that Weizak's mother, long thought to have died during World War II, is still alive and that a reporter's sister killed herself.
As news of his "gift" spreads, Johnny is asked by a sheriff (Tom Skerritt) for help with a series of murders, but he wants to be left alone and therefore declines.
Sarah visits with her infant son and she and Johnny consummate their previous relationship (they had declined to make love before being married).
Having a change of heart, Johnny agrees to help the sheriff and, through a vision at the crime scene, he discovers that the sheriff's own deputy is the killer.
Before they can arrest him, the deputy kills himself.
Johnny is then shot by the man's mother, who in turn is killed by the sheriff.
A disillusioned Johnny, now barely able to walk, moves away and attempts to live a more isolated life.
He takes on tutoring jobs for school children, working from home until a wealthy man named Roger Stuart (Anthony Zerbe) implores him to come visit his son.
Johnny and the boy, Chris, quickly form a friendship but, after seeing a vision of a boy falling through ice and drowning during a hockey game, Johnny warns Stuart not to let the boy go.
Stuart ignores him, but Chris believes him and stays home.
Two boys die during the trip, proving Johnny right.
Johnny then realizes he has a "dead zone" in his visions, where he can actually change the future.
Johnny attends a rally for Greg Stillson (Martin Sheen), aS.
Senatorial candidate for whom Sarah is a volunteer.
Johnny shakes Stillson's hand and has a vision of him becoming President of the United States and ordering a nuclear strike against Russia that brings on a nuclear holocaust.
He seeks Weizak's advice, asking, by way of example, if he would have killed Adolf Hitler if he had the chance, knowing in advance the atrocities Hitler would commit.
Weizak replies that he would have had no choice but to kill him.
Johnny leaves Sarah a letter, telling her that what he is about to do will cost him his life, but that it will be a sacrifice he is willing to make.
Johnny loads a rifle and takes aim at Stillson at a rally held in a church.
His shot misses the target, but Stillson grabs Sarah's baby and holds him as a human shield.
A photographer snaps a picture of Stillson holding the baby just as Johnny is shot by a security guard.
Confronted by an angry Stillson, a fatally wounded Johnny grabs his hand.
He now foresees Stillson's reputation and political ambitions being ruined, after the photograph of his cowardly act is published in the media for all to see ("No Future For Stillson", reads Newsweek); Stillson will then shoot himself.
Johnny tells Stillson he's finished.
Sarah embraces Johnny and tells him she loves him as he dies.
<EOS>
In a dilapidated apartment building in post-apocalyptic France, food is in short supply and grain is used as currency.
On the ground floor is a butcher's shop, run by the landlord, Clapet (Jean-Claude Dreyfus), who posts job opportunities in the Hard Times paper as means to lure victims to the building, whom he murders and butchers as a cheap source of meat to sell to his tenants.
Following the "departure" of the last worker, unemployed circus clown Louison (Dominique Pinon) applies for the vacant position.
During his routine maintenance, he befriends Clapet's daughter, Julie (Marie-Laure Dougnac), a relationship which slowly blossoms into romance.
Louison proves to be a superb worker with a spectacular trick knife and the butcher is reluctant to off him too quickly.
During this time several of the tenants fall under Louison's boyish charms, worrying others who are more anxious for their own safety should they require meat.
Aware of her father's motives, Julie descends into the sewers to make contact with the feared Troglodistes, a vegetarian sub-group of French rebels, whom she persuades to help rescue Louison.
During the apparent butchering of an old woman, the Troglodistes attack but are repelled, and Clapet, with the unsympathetic tenants, storms Louison's room in an attempt to murder him.
Louison and Julie resist by flooding themselves, floor to ceiling, in an upper floor bathroom until Clapet opens the door releasing the flood and washing the attackers away.
Clapet returns with Louison's knife and inadvertently kills himself.
Louison and Julie play music together on the roof of the now peaceful apartment building.
<EOS>
The premise involves the married men of the fictional town of Stepford, Connecticut and their fawning, submissive, impossibly beautiful wives.
The protagonist is Joanna Eberhart, a talented photographer newly arrived from New York City with her husband and children, eager to start a new life.
As time goes on, she becomes increasingly disturbed by the zombie-like, submissive wives of Stepford, especially when she sees her once independent-minded friends, fellow new arrivals to Stepford, turn into mindless, docile housewives overnight.
Her husband, who seems to be spending more and more time at meetings of the local men's association, mocks her fears.
As the story progresses, Joanna becomes convinced that the wives of Stepford are being poisoned or brainwashed into submission by the men's club.
She visits the library and researches the pasts of Stepford's wives, discovering that some of the women were once feminist activists and very successful professionals and that the leader of the men's club is a former Disney engineer and others are artists and scientists, capable of creating lifelike robots.
Her friend Bobbie helps her investigate, going so far as to write to the EPA to inquire about possible environmental toxins in Stepford.
However, eventually, Bobbie is also transformed into a docile housewife and has no interest in her previous activities.
At the end of the novel, Joanna decides to flee Stepford but when she gets home she finds that her children have been taken.
She asks her husband to let her leave but he takes her car keys.
She manages to escape from the house on foot and several of the men's club members track her down.
They corner her in the woods, and she accuses them of creating robots out of the town's women.
The men deny the accusation and ask Joanna if she would believe them if she saw one of the other women bleed.
Joanna agrees to this, and they take her to Bobbie's house.
Bobbie's husband and son are upstairs, with loud rock music playing as if to cover screams.
The scene ends as Bobbie brandishes a knife at her former friend.
In the story's epilogue, Joanna has become another Stepford wife gliding through the local supermarket, having given up her career as a photographer, while Ruthanne (a new resident in Stepford) appears poised to become the conspiracy's next victim.
<EOS>
The film explores the lives of the characters Felice Schragenheim (Maria Schrader), a Jewish woman who assumed a false name and who belongs to an underground organization, and Lilly Wust (Juliane Köhler), a married mother of four children, unsatisfied with her philandering Nazi officer husband.
The film begins in 1997, with an 83-year-old Lilly (played by Inge Keller) taking up residence in a dilapidated flat that once served as an underground hideout.
Brought to a retirement home, Lilly encounters her old maid Ilse (played by Johanna Wokalek in the 1940s, by Kyra Mladeck in 1997), who was rounded up during 1945, and is already a tenant.
In 1943, Felice, assuming a false last name and working as a journalist at a Nazi newspaper, meets Lilly via her friend and sometimes lover Ilse, who works as Lilly's housekeeper.
Instantly smitten, she takes the initiative in the love affair by sending flagrant letters to Lilly and signing her name as Jaguar, much to Ilse's dismay.
One fateful afternoon, Felice, Ilse, and their friends Klara and Lotte are accosted by German soldiers, and all but Lotte manage to escape.
Shot down by the soldiers, they find no identification on Lotte's body except for a photograph of her and Felice.
Lonely due to the constant absence of her husband, Lilly engages in a series of affairs with other men, but is disillusioned by the callous treatment of her latest tryst with another Nazi officer.
She grows closer to Felice, who attempts to kiss her during a New Year's Eve Party in her Berlin apartment after Lilly discovers her philandering husband with Ilse, but rejects her.
As her husband tries to make amends with her the following morning, Lilly realizes she has never loved him and reconciles with Felice.
With her husband again away at war, Lilly and Felice begin a shaky but intense relationship.
The film features both erotic encounters and sentimental love poems (quoted from the book), and during one love scene Felice proclaims Lilly is an Aimée to Felice as Jaguar.
On Lilly's birthday, Felice and her friends throw a party in her apartment that culminates in a lesbian orgy.
Lilly is mortified when she sees Ilse and Felice kissing drunkenly, and further disillusioned when Felice rejects her advances for the night.
The next morning, Lilly’s husband arrives on special leave for his wife's birthday only to witness the aftermath of the previous night's events.
Although enraged, he vows to not punish her for her indiscretion so long that their marriage and life remain intact, but Lilly instead surprises him by asking for a divorce.
Afraid that her husband may turn them in, Felice and her friends stop seeing Lilly for the sake of their own survival.
Heartbroken, Lilly holes up in her apartment, eventually sending her children away to safety, and erupts in anger when Felice finally visits her after several weeks.
Felice reveals the truth that she is Jewish and feared for her life, and the two make up.
After the 20 July Plot, Felice and her friends fear for their lives and arrange to flee Germany before they are rounded up.
At the last moment, Felice decides to stay in spite of the danger so that she may remain with Lilly.
After a day of frolicking in the countryside, the two return to Lilly's apartment where Felice is captured by the Gestapo, using the photograph of her and Lotte to identify her.
She is sent to the Theresienstadt concentration camp from where the two still manage to correspond, but all contact is lost by the end of 1944.
Lilly and Ilse reminisce about times past as the film ends.
Lilly, though saddened by the tragedy that she caused her friends and lovers, is unable to imagine how her life could have been any different, given her obsessive live-for-today-for-tomorrow-we-die mentality, common among besieged Berliners.
Lilly Wust lived in Berlin until her death on 31 March 2006.
The tagline of the film is "Love Transcends Death".
<EOS>
Belle Williams (Queen Latifah) is a talented driver and auto mechanic who dreams of driving in NASCAR.
As the film opens, she celebrates her last shift as a bicycle courier after winning her taxi license and beating the shop's record with a new delivery record of 13 minutes and 54 seconds.
Although in a happy relationship, she occasionally neglects her boyfriend Jesse (Henry Simmons) and has bestowed much love on her custom-built 1999 Ford Crown Victoria taxicab over the past five years.
She skips her dinner date, to install a supercharger that was given to her as a present for her last day.
The next day, her first customer offers her a $100 tip if she can make it to JFK Airport in fifteen minutes.
She makes it in 9 minutes and 28 seconds, while almost getting caught speeding on the freeway and through Manhattan.
Meanwhile, a group of beautiful women exit the airport, with a man waiting for them.
The action cuts back to New York City where bumbling undercover detective Andy Washburn (Jimmy Fallon) is about to bust a phone card ring from Cuba.
He makes up a street name in Havana, which blows his cover, and a gunfight develops.
Washburn's partner is wounded in the arm and the Cubans escape.
Trying to follow them in his partner's car, he reverses it into a store, killing the detective's parrot.
Back at the precinct station, lt Marta Robbins (Jennifer Esposito) confiscates his driver's license and demotes him indefinitely to foot patrol duty.
Later, hearing of a bank robbery, Washburn tries to flag down a car in the middle of a street, causing dozens of civilians and their cars to crash into each other, resulting in a major pileup.
He flags down a taxicab, which turns out to be Belle's.
He commandeers the car which transforms into the street car from earlier.
They arrive at the bank just as the four robbers leave in a BMW.
Washburn accidentally shoots out one of Belle's windows and they end up cornering the BMW in an alley.
The BMW driver cleverly gives Belle the slip, but as the car passes, she recognizes the occupants as the same models from the airport.
Their leader is Vanessa (Gisele Bündchen).
In a misunderstanding, police arrive and hold up Belle and Washburn.
Belle's cab is impounded as evidence and she is taken in for questioning as a witness to the robbery; she is upset as it means the loss of two weeks' earnings.
Washburn promises to get her cab back if she will join him on his beat—thus solving the problem of his confiscated license.
Belle and Washburn pursue the robbers, getting close once or twice.
Washburn takes Belle to his home.
Washburn's mother (Ann-Margret) is constantly drunk and always has a batch of margaritas going in the blender.
She brings up embarrassing moments of Washburn's past and talks about why he's such a bad driver.
Later, Washburn talks to the impound cop (Patton Oswalt) and eventually convinces him to give him and Belle the cab back.
They realize that the gang always robs banks just before the garbage collection is due.
The robbers take the money, put it in the trash and the garbage man collects it.
However, because of constantly disobeying orders he is fired.
Later that night, Belle teaches him to drive with "This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)" playing on the radio.
They discover the garbage collector on the bank route has been performing collections for the gang because they have kidnapped his wife.
They trace the kidnapper and recover the garbage collector's wife and all the loot.
The police learn which bank is next to be hit, and they lie in wait for the robbers, who take a hostage.
After a hostage swap, the gang escapes with lt Robbins as hostage, followed by Washburn and Belle in her cab.
Belle calls on the help of her former bike messengers to pinpoint the location of the car.
Using the cash from the garbage truck, they pinpoint the operation HQ and negotiate a trade.
Belle transforms the cab and during the ensuing chase, they continually try to swap the hostage for the money while driving down the highway.
Washburn forces the robbers down a long bridge he knows is under construction.
With the robbers trapped on a section of the long bridge, Washburn and Belle laugh victoriously.
Enraged, Vanessa fires her gun at them and wounds Belle.
Washburn drives Belle to the hospital singing "This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)".
In the final scene, Belle is in NASCAR, fulfilling her dream, sponsored by New York banks.
Washburn (recently reinstated back into the NYPD), Robbins, and Washburn's mother cheer her on.
Jesse makes his proposal to Belle.
Jeff Gordon, driver of the 24 car in NASCAR's top series, makes an appearance.
<EOS>
The film begins in Hudson, Ohio, where Scott "Scotty" Thomas (Scott Mechlowicz) gets dumped by his girlfriend, Fiona (Kristin Kreuk), immediately after his high school graduation in 2004.
With his best friend, Cooper Harris (Jacob Pitts), Scott attends a graduation party that evening and listens to a performance of the film's main theme song "Scotty Doesn't Know", which crudely details the affair Fiona was having with the band's singer, Donny (Matt Damon), while she was with Scott.
Drunk and angry, Scott returns home and receives an e-mail reply from his German pen pal, Mieke (Jessica Boehrs), who expresses sympathy towards Scott after Fiona breaks up with him, and suggests they arrange to meet in person.
However, the entire time Scott has known her, he has mispronounced Mieke as "Mike", thinking that she is male.
After Cooper suggests that "Mike" may be a sexual predator, Scott angrily tells Mieke to stay away from him.
Scott's younger brother, Bert (Nial Iskhakov), informs him that "Mieke" is a common girl's name among Germans.
Realizing his mistake, and that he has feelings for Mieke, Scott tries desperately to contact her again, only to find out that Mieke has blocked his email address.
Encouraged by Cooper and with him in tow, Scott decides to travel to Europe, seek out Mieke, and apologize to her face-to-face.
Scott and Cooper first travel as couriers to London, where they end up befriending the members of a Manchester United football hooligan firm, led by Mad Maynard (Vinnie Jones).
After a wild night of drinking, Scott and Cooper wake up on a AEC Routemaster double-decker bus on their way to Paris for a Manchester United game.
Once in Paris, they meet up with fraternal twins and fellow high school classmates, Jenny and Jamie (Michelle Trachtenberg and Travis Wester), who are also touring Europe together.
Jenny and Jamie decide to accompany Scott and Cooper to find Mieke in Berlin and along the way plan to visit other parts of Europe together, since this will be the last summer the four of them will spend as a group before going off to college.
The group travel by train to Amsterdam, where Jamie is robbed while engaging in oral sex with a beautiful camera salesgirl.
As Jamie had everyone's money, passports, and train tickets with him, they have no choice but to hitchhike to Berlin.
Scott asks a German truck driver to take them to Berlin to find Mieke.
Scott's German is poor and even though the driver mentions Berlin in his reply numerous times, the foursome fail to realize that he is trying to tell them that he is going nowhere near Berlin.
The group ultimately end up in Bratislava, where they are horrified by the desolation of Eastern Europe in the aftermath of the Cold War.
Having realised that there is a great exchange rate for theS.
dollar, they decide to have some fun and the group goes to a nightclub.
Drunk on absinthe, Jenny and Jamie French-kiss and make out with each other, witnessed by Scotty and Cooper, and are horrified when they realize what they are doing.
The next day, an American-obsessed Slovak man named Tibor (Rade Šerbedžija) finally drives them to Berlin.
Scott and Cooper soon find out that Mieke has gone with a tour group for the summer and will likely be reachable in Rome for only a short time.
In order to afford plane tickets to Rome to search for Mieke, Jamie sells his precious Leica M7 camera.
In Rome, the four friends head to the Vatican City, where Mieke is touring before leaving for her summer at sea.
To gain access, they pretend to be a tour group, with Jamie acting as their guide; another group has lost their guide and joins, allowing Scott and Cooper to search for Mieke.
Inside the Vatican, Scott and Cooper accidentally signal the death of the pope and the election of a new pope.
Scott appears on a balcony in papal vestments, where he is taken to be the new pope and spots Mieke among the crowd below.
While Scott is meeting up with Mieke, the Swiss Guards realize what is going on and detain Scott and Cooper in order to punish them for their actions.
However, the Manchester United football supporters from London suddenly show up at the Vatican, and are just in time to release Scott and Cooper.
Scott later finally introduces himself, and confesses his love for Mieke in person, with Mad Maynard giving some last-minute advice.
Mieke is happy to see Scott, and after having passionate sex with him in one of the confessional booths, tells him to continue writing to her.
Jamie is so convincing as a tour guide that he is hired by Arthur Frommer.
On the flight back to Ohio, Jenny entices Cooper to have sex with her in one of the plane's lavatories, thus finally realizing his dream of crazy European sex.
The film ends when Scott moves to Oberlin College in the fall.
During a phone conversation with Cooper, who is now in a relationship with Jenny, an unexpected knock on Scott's dorm room door turns out to be Mieke, who explains that she is now his roommate because of another misunderstanding about her name.
Scott and Mieke share their passionate embrace, as Cooper's voice continues to talk over the phone, demanding to know what is going on.
<EOS>
When David Lovatt meets Harriet at an office party, they both immediately fall in love.
They both share the same conservative outlooks, which they perceive to be a rarity in the London of the 1960s.
The two marry and purchase a large house in a small town within commuting distance of London.
The couple both intend to have several children, a wish frowned upon by the rest of the family.
By the time they have four children, two boys and two girls, their house becomes a centre of joy not only for them but for all their relatives and friends who come and visit.
This continues until Harriet has a fifth, wildly dysfunctional child, Ben.
Her painful pregnancy with him marks the beginning of the misery and suffering that this child brings to the whole family.
<EOS>
Owing considerable lineage to Get Smart, the plot was always played for laughs and featured Lancelot Link and his female colleague, "Mata Hairi," whose own name in turn was a play on Mata Hari, in secret agent and spy satires.
Link worked forPE, the Agency to Prevent Evil, in an ongoing conflict with the evil organizationHUMP, the Criminal Headquarters for the Underworld's Master Plan.
APE's chief Darwin gave Link and Hairi their orders as part of his "theory," a play on the Charles Darwin (after whom the character had been named) theory of evolution.
CHUMP's monocled chief Baron von Butcher inevitably hatched the latest plan to endanger the world.
The Baron's network of international fiends included his shifty chauffeur Creto, mad scientist dr Strangemind, imperious Dragon Woman, drowsy Wang Fu, singing sheikh Ali Assa Seen, and the cultured Duchess.
One or more would appear in each episode.
A regular weekly feature was chimp TV host "Ed Simian" introducing a musical number by an all-chimp band, "The Evolution Revolution".
An album of these songs was released on the ABC/Dunhill record label.
There were also Lancelot Link comic books and other merchandise, including Halloween costumes.
Another regular feature consisted of a short series of brief comedy sketches which showed a chimp sneezing causing a funny gag to happen.
A curious feature of the apartment set which Lancelot Link and Mata Hairi used as their base was that the sofa had a secret entrance/exit which was opened by simply lifting one of the cushions.
The episodes were all narrated, in a mock-sober delivery, by Malachi Throne.
<EOS>
Ethan Hunt is alerted by the IMF that someone has used his identity to assist bio-chemical expert dr Vladimir Nekhorvich to enter the United States, only to kill him in a subsequent plane crash.
Nekhorvich, an old friend of Ethan, had forewarned the IMF of his arrival, planning to deliver to them a new bioweapon, Chimera, and its cure, Bellerophon.
He was forced to develop these by Biocyte Pharmaceuticals.
IMF determines that rogue IMF agent Sean Ambrose is responsible.
IMF assigns Ethan to recover the virus and its cure.
It also insists that he recruits Nyah Nordoff-Hall, a professional thief presently operating in Seville, Spain.
Later, Ethan finds out that she is Ambrose's ex-girlfriend.
After recruiting Nyah, Ethan assembles his team, computer expert Luther Stickell and pilot Billy Baird, in Sydney, Australia, where Biocyte laboratories are located and Ambrose is staying.
As Ethan stakes out Biocyte, Nyah gets close to Ambrose and begins to learn about the Chimera virus.
At a horse racing event, Ambrose meets with Biocyte's CEO, John McCloy.
He shows McCloy a video of Chimera affecting one of Nekhorvich's colleagues.
He then blackmails McCloy into cooperating with him.
Nyah steals video footage and transfers it to Ethan.
Ethan's team learn that Chimera has a 20-hour dormant period before it causes death by mass destruction of the victim's red blood cells.
Bellerophon can only save the victim if used within that 20-hour window.
The IMF team kidnaps McCloy to force him to give up Bellerophon.
However, they learn that the only samples of Bellerophon were taken by Nekhorvich, and are now in Ambrose's hands.
Ambrose has the cure, but does not have the virus (which Nekhorvich injected himself with).
As a result, Ambrose forced McCloy to exchange a sample of the virus for a sample of Bellerophon.
The team break into Biocyte to destroy the virus.
Ambrose, posing as Ethan, tricks Nyah into revealing his plan.
Ambrose captures Nyah and raids Biocyte to secure the virus.
Ethan is able to destroy all but one sample of the virus before Ambrose intervenes, and a firefight ensues.
Ambrose orders Nyah to retrieve the last sample of Chimera.
She injects herself with it, preventing Ambrose from simply killing her to get it.
Ambrose takes Nyah away, and Ethan escapes from the laboratory.
Ambrose lets Nyah wander the streets of Sydney in a daze, intending to start a pandemic.
He offers to sell Bellerophon to McCloy in exchange for stock options, to make him the majority shareholder.
He predicts that the price of Biocyte's stock will skyrocket due to demand for Bellerophon after the Chimera outbreak.
Ethan infiltrates the meeting and steals the remaining samples of Bellerophon.
While Ethan is pursued by Ambrose, Luther and Billy locate Nyah, who has wandered to a cliff side, intent on killing herself to prevent Chimera from spreading.
Ethan eventually gains the upper hand over Ambrose and kills him.
With little time left on the 20-hour countdown, Luther reaches Ethan, takes Bellerophon and injects Nyah with it.
IMF clears Nyah's criminal record and Ethan starts his vacation with her in Sydney.
<EOS>
Hitman Ah Jong (Chow Yun-fat), is on his last job for the Hong Kong Triad, but accidentally damages the eyes of a young nightclub singer named Jennie (Sally Yeh) with a muzzle flash in a shootout.
After the attack, Ah Jong begins to watch Jennie perform at the nightclub and escorts her home when she is attacked by thugs.
Jennie and Ah Jong begin to fall in love during his frequent visits at her apartment.
Driven to help her secure the money for a sight-saving corneal transplant, he accepts one final hit.
A police detective, Li Ying (Danny Lee), spots Ah Jong completing the job but the assassin escapes.
Triad boss Hay Wong Hoi (Shing Fui-On) double crosses Ah Jong, and instead of paying him, sends a group of hitmen to kill him.
During Ah Jong's escape from the Triad, a young child is injured by a stray bullet.
After dispatching the attackers, Ah Jong rushes the child to the hospital while being followed by Li and his partner Sgt.
Tsang Yeh (Kenneth Tsang).
Once the child regains consciousness at the casualty ward, Ah Jong escapes Li and Tsang.
Li becomes obsessed with Ah Jong's act of good will.
He and Tsang find that Ah Jong visits Jennie at her apartment; they plan to arrest him the next time he visits her.
Ah Jong visits Jennie and is caught in an ambush from which he manages to escape.
Li and Tsang explain to Jennie that Ah Jong was the assassin that blinded her at the nightclub.
Ah Jong meets with his Triad manager, Fung Sei (Chu Kong), and demands his payment for the job.
Fung Sei brings a suitcase for Ah Jong, who discovers it to be filled with sheets of blank paper before finding himself in the middle of a Triad ambush.
He kills all of the hitmen, but leaves Fung Sei alive.
The next day, after Fung Sei's pleas for Wong Hoi fall on deaf ears, Ah Jong does a hit-and-run on Wong Hoi's car, wounding the Triad leader and killing his driver and bodyguard.
Li begins to close in on Ah Jong after Tsang follows Fung Sei; Tsang is killed after revealing the location of his home.
Because of their friendship, Fung Sei leaves a large stockpile of weaponry for Ah Jong.
The home is another ambush; Li attacks, followed by a group of Triad hitmen.
Li gets caught in the middle of the crossfire between Ah Jong and the Triad.
Ah Jong and Li flee, and while Ah Jong's wounds are mended, they find themselves bonding and becoming friends.
Ah Jong tells Li that should anything happen to him, Li should have Ah Jong's eyes donated for Jennie's surgery or use Ah Jong's money to fly her overseas to have her surgery performed by more experienced doctors.
Li, Ah Jong, and Jennie wait in a church for Fung Sei to return with Ah Jong's money.
Fung Sei arrives with the money, horribly beaten by Wong Hoi's gangsters who have followed him.
He is mortally wounded when the hitmen barge into the church.
After Ah Jong ends Fung Sei's misery with mercy killing, he and Li engage in a long and bloody shootout with the Triad all over the church.
The battle ends with a Mexican standoff between Ah Jong, Li and Wong Hoi.
Ah Jong manages to wound Wong Hoi, but the Triad leader lands two bullets in Ah Jong's eye sockets before the latter dies of his wounds.
When a police squadron arrives in the scene, Wong Hoi begs to be taken into custody.
Frustrated by the outcome of the battle, Li fatally shoots Wong Hoi and mourns Ah Jong just as the police surround him.
The credits roll with Ah Jong playing the harmonica.
<EOS>
Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town.
In the summer heat, he develops an interest in Gloria Harper, who works at the car dealership.
Dolly Hershaw, who is married to the dealership's owner, flirts with Harry and they begin a torrid affair.
Harry learns that the bank staff are all volunteer firemen so he sets a fire to lure them away from the bank.
While they are gone, Harry robs the bank, but has to enter the burning building to save a man who is trapped inside.
The town's sheriff suspects Harry, but Dolly gives him an alibi and tells him she will sell him out unless he kills her husband.
When he refuses, Dolly threatens to expose him.
She ultimately kills her husband herself by overstimulating his weak heart during sex.
Meanwhile, Gloria is being blackmailed by Frank Sutton, who has nude photographs of her with another woman.
Harry, who has fallen in love with Gloria, confronts Sutton to get the pictures, and kills him in the ensuing struggle.
Harry invents a story to draw suspicion away from him, and receives a hefty reward from the police.
He plans to marry Gloria and take her to the Caribbean Islands.
Dolly ruins Harry's plans by showing him a letter implicating him in the robbery and Sutton's death, and telling Gloria about the affair.
A heartbroken Gloria leaves Harry.
Enraged, Harry tries to strangle Dolly, but cannot bring himself to kill her.
Harry resigns himself to life with Dolly, and leaves town with her.
<EOS>
In 1977, Eddie Adams is a high-school dropout living with his stepfather and emotionally abusive, alcoholic mother in Torrance, California.
He works at the Reseda nightclub owned by Maurice Rodriguez, where he meets porn filmmaker Jack Horner, who auditions him by watching him have sex with Rollergirl, a porn starlet who always wears skates.
After having an argument with his mother about his girlfriend and sex life, Adams moves in with Horner at his San Fernando Valley home.
Adams gives himself the screen name "Dirk Diggler", and becomes a star because of his good looks, youthful charisma, and unusually large penis.
His success allows him to buy a new house, an extensive wardrobe, and a "competition orange" 1977 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray.
With friend and fellow porn star Reed Rothchild, Dirk pitches a series of successful action-themed porn films.
Dirk works and socializes with others from the porn industry, and they live carefree lifestyles in the late 1970s disco era.
That changes at a New Year's Eve party at Horner's house marking the year 1980, when assistant director Little Bill Thompson discovers his porn-star wife having sex with another man, shoots them both and kills himself.
Dirk and Reed begin using cocaine.
Due to Dirk's drug use, he finds it increasingly difficult to achieve an erection, falls into violent mood swings and becomes upset with Johnny Doe, a new leading man Jack recruited.
In 1983, after having an argument with Jack, Dirk is fired, and he and Reed leave to start a rock and roll career along with Scotty, a boom operator who loves Dirk.
Jack previously rejected business overtures from Floyd Gondolli, a "theater" magnate in San Diego and San Francisco, who insists on cutting costs by shooting on videotape, because Jack believes that the tapes will diminish the quality of his films.
After his friend and financier Colonel James is imprisoned for possessing films depicting child pornography, Jack works with Floyd, becoming disillusioned with the lack of scripts and character development in the projects Gondolli expects him to churn out.
One of these projects involves Jack and Rollergirl riding in a limousine, searching for random men for her to have sex with while a crew tapes it.
When one man recognizes Rollergirl as a former high-school classmate, he insults her and Jack, who both attack and leave the injured man on the sidewalk as the crew drives away.
Leading lady Amber Waves, who took Dirk under her wing when he joined Jack's stable of actors, finds herself in a custody battle with her ex-husband.
The court determines she is an unfit mother, due to her involvement in the porn industry, prior criminal record and cocaine addiction.
Buck Swope marries fellow porn star Jessie st Vincent, who becomes pregnant.
Because of his past, Buck is disqualified from a bank loan and cannot open his own stereo-equipment store.
That night, he finds himself in the middle of a holdup in which the clerk, the robber and an armed customer are killed.
Buck escapes with the money that the robber demanded.
Having squandered their money on drugs, Dirk and Reed cannot pay a recording studio for demonstration tapes they believe will enable them to become music stars.
Desperate for money, Dirk resorts to prostitution, but is assaulted and robbed by three men.
Dirk, Reed and their friend Todd attempt to scam drug dealer Rahad Jackson, by selling him a half-kilo of baking soda as cocaine.
Dirk and Reed decide to leave before Rahad's bodyguard inspects it, but Todd fails to steal money from Rahad, who kills him in the ensuing gunfight.
Dirk reconciles with Jack.
In 1984, Buck and Jessie gives birth to their son, Amber shoots the television commercial for Buck's store opening, Reed practices a successful magic act at the strip club, Colonel James remains in prison, and Rollergirl returns to high school.
Dirk and Amber prepare to start filming again.
<EOS>
Loosely based on true events (see Bernard Boursicot and Shi Pei Pu), the film concerns René Gallimard (Jeremy Irons), a French diplomat assigned to Beijing, China in the 1960s.
He becomes infatuated with a Chinese opera performer, Song Liling (John Lone), who spies on him for the Government of the People's Republic of China.
Their affair lasts for 20 years, with Gallimard all the while apparently unaware (or willfully ignorant) of the fact that in traditional Chinese opera, all roles are performed by men.
<EOS>
The novel begins with the text of a letter dated July, 1855 from the Crimean War front of Sevastopol.
The writer, Hedley Vicars, tells from his perspective as a soldier in the 90 Light Infantry about the visit to his commanders of one Josiah Traveller, an inventor and millionaire industrialist whose discovery in the South Pole of anti-ice, a substance which releases incredible energies when warmed, is being considered for military use.
Soon after that meeting, a mushroom cloud erupts in the midst of Sevastopol and, with its attendant human and structural devastation, quickly ends the war.
This substance originally fell to Earth as the residue of a comet that impacted the far side of the Moon a century ago.
Fifteen years after the war, under the reign of Edward VII (who assumed the throne after Queen Victoria abdicated due to her husband Prince Albert's death) and the prime ministership of Gladstone, the United Kingdom maintains through Traveller's discovery a monopoly on the use of anti-ice.
But the energy it generates, analogous to nuclear power, is now used to power vehicles and accelerate the country's Industrial Revolution—much to the chagrin of perennial rivals France and a yet-to-be-united Germany.
Junior diplomat Ned Vicars (younger brother of Hedley) and journalist George Holden arrive at Waterloo to view the launch of the Prince Albert, a massive land-going liner supported by six enormous anti-ice driven wheels.
Meeting Traveller aboard they inspect his experimental rocket Phaeton.
The launch of the Albert is sabotaged, and simultaneously a second saboteur fires the anti-ice rockets of the Phaeton, launching them upward into the air.
Breaking free of Earth's gravity, the Phaeton and its reluctant passengers (along with Traveller's manservant Pocket) approach Earth's two moons—as there is now the "Little Moon", broken off when the comet hit Earth's Moon in the eighteenth century.
Using the latest in 1870 technology, Vicars mines ice from the surface of the Moon, while encountering simple, massive creatures on its dark side.
Converting the water into enough reaction mass to take off, the explorers—along with the saboteur, a Frenchman named Bourne—return to Britain as the Franco-Prussian War breaks out on the continent.
Gladstone meets Traveller personally and orders him forthwith to prepare anti-ice weapons for use to end the war.
At first he does so, but Vicars persuades him that such a course of action is unconscionable.
Too late, the two arrive in the Phaeton to see the destruction of Orléans by an anti-ice rocket.
Peace is immediately declared, and the United Kingdom sets up its hegemony over Europe—a development not without price, which Vicars notes in a 1910 letter to his son.
And the supply of anti-ice, which Traveller thought was confined to the South Pole, is virtually limitless due to the "Little Moon", which is composed entirely of anti-ice.
The possibilities of an early 20th-century cold war are dwelt on by the narrator (Vicars) throughout the book, the instrument of deterrence being named the Gladstone Shell.
<EOS>
Shivashankar (Ajith Kumar), a wheelchair-bound multi-millionaire, has a son, Vishnu (also Ajith Kumar) who is playful and irresponsible.
To teach him a lesson, he sends Vishnu to Thottapuram to help the poor.
Vishnu does not want to go, but a local pizza restaurateur convinces Vishnu and his friends that the village is one big brothel.
In reality, Thottapuram is a sacred village and the restaurateur had purposefully deceived Vishnu and his friends.
Also visiting the village are Divya (Asin) and her college classmates.
They come for their social activity course to improve the village's health and hygiene.
A large building is reserved for him and the girls are asked to stay in the poor families' houses.
Vishnu and his friends arrive and start to woo the girls, whom they mistake for Thottapuram's prostitutes.
When Divya discovers their plan, she and her friends decide to teach Vishnu and his friends a lesson.
Vishnu and his friends are wooed by Divya and the other girls.
They are led to separate rooms where the girls inject a serum that makes them itch all over.
They leave, screaming and scratching.
Vishnu tells Divya to leave her profession and offers to save her honour by marrying her in the village temple the next day.
Divya doesn't come, but Vishnu and his friends happen to see her leaving on a bus bearing the name of the girls' college, revealing that they have been duped.
But, Divya got guilt ridden when she watches him carrying mangala sutra and really got ready to marry her.
Depressed and felt cheated, Vishnu returns home, Shivshankar discovers that his son has fallen in love.
With his influence, Vishnu and Divya get engaged.
Everything goes well until one night, Vishnu goes to Divya's house in a drunken state.
Her family prevent him from talking to her.
This eventually leads to a fight.
Vishnu then goes to Divya's cousin's house to meet Divya and apologise for his behaviour.
but suddenly attempts to rape Divya's cousin which Divya got horrified when noticing.
Then on the same day at night, Vishnu tries to kill Shivashankar, but is stopped by Ko Thandam (Pandu), Sivashankar'sA, who got stabbed by Vishnu.
Disappointed with Vishnu's behaviour, Shivashankar sends Vishnu to a psychiatrist.
It is then revealed that Jeeva (Ajith Kumar's third role), Vishnu's twin, had assumed Vishnu's identity, took money from the bank, got drunk and went to Divya's place and attempted to rape Divya's cousin.
Jeeva hates Shivashankar for abandoning him and his mentally-challenged mother Gayathri (Kanika).
Later, Divya manages to sneak into Vishnu's room in the hospital and believes his explanation that he is innocent.
She leaves and shortly afterwards, Jeeva appears, smuggles and dumps Vishnu out of the hospital, takes over his identity and goes to kill Shivashankar.
The father notices that it's not his son and gets out of his wheelchair to defend himself much to Jeeva's surprise.
Vishnu arrives at the scene, surprised that his father is able to walk and demands an explanation.
Shivashankar tells him that he was a Bharathanatiyam dancer who behaved effeminately due to dancing.
His mother had arranged for Shivashankar to marry her friend's daughter (Jeeva's mother).
He agreed but the girl rejected Shivashankar for being too effeminate and insults him in front of the wedding crowd.
Unable to bear the embarrassment, Shivashankar's mother died on the spot.
Enraged, Shivashankar raped the girl, leaving her pregnant.
The doctor refused to give her an abortion and so Vishnu was born.
Shivashankar takes his child from her mother saying the child would be the only hope of his life.
Shivashankar says he is ignorant of Jeeva's existence and the reason for his resemblance to them.
Jeeva escapes and threatens Vishnu and Divya's wedding.
Shivashankar attempts to stop him when Jeeva's grandmother arrives and explains that Jeeva is also Shivashankar's son and Vishnu's twin and that Jeeva's mother went insane when Jeeva was about to get hit by a lorry.
Jeeva realises his mistake.
He wants Shivashankar to shoot him, but the police misunderstand and think that Jeeva is pointing a gun at Shivashankar.
They fire at Jeeva, but Shivashankar intervenes and is shot instead and killed.
Jeeva accepts Shivashankar's apology and is then arrested.
After a few weeks, Jeeva's mother does not accept food from anyone, until Vishnu comes dressed up as Jeeva and feeds her.
The film ends with Vishnu stating that Shivashankar is the godfather of the family.
<EOS>
A belief is spreading in conquered China that the government has lost the Mandate of Heaven.
Han Tzu meets up with Mazer Rackham, who passes him a blow dart pen, calling it the "Mandate of Heaven".
Han Tzu confronts the emperor, Snow Tiger, who is shot and killed by a guard, allowing Han Tzu to overthrow the Chinese government and install himself as the new emperor.
Meanwhile, Peter Wiggin, Hegemon of Earth, along with Petra Arkanian, goes to visit Alai, Caliph of the Muslim League.
The two help Alai realize that he is little more than a glorified prisoner, and that others have been ruling Islam in his stead.
After uncovering a conspiracy against him, Alai resolves to take firmer control of his nation and guarantee the human rights of his subjugated peoples.
The rest of the book deals with Peter Wiggin working to create a world government free of war through his Free People of Earth (FPE) alliance.
Caliph Alai of the Muslim League and Virlomi, now the virtual goddess of India, oppose his efforts.
Against this backdrop of world political machinations by the former Battle School children is the extremely personal story of Julian (Bean) Delphiki.
Anton's Key is making him grow at an astounding rate and he has only a short time before his body will become too large for his heart to support.
He searches frantically for his and Petra's missing children.
Graff assists them in locating the surrogate mothers of their children.
While Bean and Petra wait for news, Graff extends invitations to the other members of Ender's Jeesh to leave Earth and rule colonies, where they can conquer to their heart's content without causing needless wars between themselves, and instructs Bean to support Peter in forming the FPE.
The FPE alliance begins with only twenty-two countries, among them Brazil, Rwanda, and the Netherlands.
The first test of the FPE comes when they recognize the sovereignty and nationhood of the Nubian, Quechua, and Aymara peoples, ethnic minorities that are politically part of other nations.
Peru and Sudan send troops against these "rebel" strongholds, but Peter defends them using Bean and Suriyawong, leading Rwandan and Thai troops, to show that war against one FPE member is war against all of them.
The FPE's victories, and especially their militarily brilliant commanders, bolster support for the FPE, and nations begin to freely vote on whether to join it.
Meanwhile, Bean suspects that Peter is embezzling Ender's military pension to fund the FPE, so he requests that Ender's funds be placed under the control of an autonomous computer.
Colonel Graff has the Mind Game reprogrammed to accurately predict financial markets and turns it loose over the ansible network, where it continues to invest Ender's pension and, as revealed later in the Enderverse chronology, eventually evolves into the artificial intelligence known as Jane.
The Mind Game also speeds the search for Bean's missing children, allowing the International Fleet to find eight of them; two of whom have Anton's Key turned, as does the baby Petra is carrying.
The ninth remains undetected, as Achilles had it implanted into a woman named Randi, brainwashed to think that it is the baby of Achilles, whom she worships as a hero assassinated by foul enemies.
To avoid persecution, Randi determines to leave Earth and live in a colony, where she can raise her child (who appears to have Anton's Key turned, as the baby is born prematurely) to follow in Achilles' footsteps.
Her story, and that of her child Randall Firth, is concluded in Card's later novel Ender in Exile.
Virlomi attempts to guarantee India's freedom via dynastic marriage, turning down an offer from Han Tzu to instead attempt to seduce Peter Wiggin.
When Peter turns her down, she turns to Alai whom she finds easier to outmaneuver.
Their new "Hindu-Muslim.
thing," to quote the Prime Minister of Armenia ("I call it a riot with scripture," quips Jeesh member Vlad) is fraught with tension and Alai discovers that, despite his wife's status as an infidel and a woman, the more hotheaded members of his empire actually prefer her aggressive and expansionist policies.
Virlomi then declares war on China, setting off all manner of plots: Muslim hardliners attempt to assassinate Alai; Russia invades China and eastern Europe using "contingency" plans drawn up by a horrified Vlad; and Fly Molo of the Philippines is instructed to invade Taiwan, his nation suicidally confident in their Jeesh member.
In this way, all the Battle School grads are convinced to take up Graff's offer to travel the stars, realizing that their presence on Earth guarantees continued and wasteful war.
Even Virlomi agrees, after Suri manages to snap her out of her growing megalomania.
With the secret help of Mazer Rackham, Bean divorces Petra for her own sake, takes the three found children with Anton's Key, and flies away on a starship provided by the Fleet to achieve relativistic speeds and thereby stay alive long enough for medical researchers to find a cure.
Bean's departure breaks Petra's heart, but she becomes Peter's military commander, eventually marrying and having five children with him, though she never stops loving Bean.
By the end of the novel, all of the world's nations, except the United States, have joined the FPE.
Peter reconciles with Ender via ansible, giving the "Speaker for the Dead" all he needs to write The Hegemon, a deeply felt and truthful biography of his brother.
Petra reads his biography at his grave, thinking of him as the man who truly changed her life.
Still, Bean remains the one who she loves and has changed her life the most.
<EOS>
The story begins when the father of the protagonist brings home a map fragment from a fishing trip; this map suggests to the protagonist and his friend that the world had, at some point in its past, many continents, though now there is only the small island of.
The two of them find a way to travel back to the past, when the continents still existed.
The continents are facing serious problems that threaten their existence; the protagonist and his growing party work to resolve the problems, and when they do, the continents reappear in the present.
When all the continents are finally restored, the Demon Lord, who is responsible for the loss of many of the continents, appears and seals away many of the continents again.
He then raises up his Dark Palace, where the party face the Demon Lord in a final showdown.
<EOS>
A boy known as Musashi, reincarnated from the legendary Brave Fencer Musashi who saved the Allucaneet Kingdom from a monster called the Wizard of Darkness 150 years before, is summoned to Allucaneet by its ruler Princess Fillet to save it from the invading Thirstquencher Empire.
Musashi is given the blade Fusion, and is charged with the task of obtaining Brave Fencer Musashi's sword — Lumina, the Sword of Luminescence — before the Thirstquencher Army does.
Although Musashi has no intention of saving the kingdom, he agrees to do so in order to return to his homeland.
After Musashi recovers Lumina, he finds that most of the people from the Allucaneet kingdom, including Fillet, have been kidnapped by the Thirstquencher Empire.
In order to rescue all the residents from Allucaneet and defeat the Empire, Musashi starts searching for the Five Scrolls; each one holding an elemental power able to greatly augment the sword Lumina's powers.
With help from the treasure hunter Jon, Musashi finds the Earth Scroll and defeats its crest guardian.
After its defeat, half-vampire and half-zombie creatures known as Vambees appear in the nearby village.
While searching for a way to stop the Vambees, Musashi finds the Water Scroll and defeats its crest guardian in the basement where the Vambees originate.
While Musashi searches for the Fire Scroll, Musashi's rival, Kojiro, kidnaps Princess Fillet and uses her as a hostage to force a battle with Musashi.
Kojiro is defeated and Fillet is then rescued.
Musashi then searches for thieves from the Thirstquencher Empire and makes his way to the next crest guardian.
It is then revealed that Princess Fillet is actually one of Thirstquencher's thieves disguised and that the real Fillet is still in their hands.
Musashi then continues his journey, finds the Wind Scroll, and defeats its crest guardian in an ants' nest.
After finding the fifth and final Scroll, the Sky Scroll, Musashi discovers Thirstquencher's base, a floating ship known as the Soda Fountain.
Musashi attacks the base and defeats the Sky Guardian.
Thirstquencher's leader, Flatski, forces Musashi to give him Lumina in exchange for the Princess, and frees the Sky Crest.
However, this unleashes the Wizard of Darkness, who was sealed within Brave Fencer Musashi's sword Lumina the entire time.
It is also revealed by Jon that the original Brave Fencer Musashi sealed The Dark Wizard within the sword.
Furthermore, it was Brave Fencer Musashi who entrusted the crests to the crest guardians to prevent The Dark Wizard's seal within Lumina from being broken.
In effect, the present Musashi's quest merely aided The Dark Wizard's revival.
Musashi recovers Lumina and uses it to defeat The Dark Wizard.
After returning the Princess to Allucaneet Kingdom, Musashi takes Lumina to the place where he found it.
<EOS>
For generations, a secret war has been waged between vampires and Lycans, an ancient species of werewolf.
Selene, a Death Dealer, a vampire specialized in assassinating Lycans, tracks two Lycans.
Selene's motivation goes beyond duty; she also wants revenge because, 600 years ago when she was a child, Lycans slaughtered her family.
The vampires believe they defeated the werewolves many centuries ago and killed their leader, Lucian, and that they must kill the surviving Lycans.
Selene locates the Lycans' den and learns they have developed a new kind of UV bullet capable of killing vampires.
Later, Selene arrives at the mansion of her vampire coven and, recounting these events, urges an attack on the Lycans; but the vampire regent, Kraven, dismisses her proposal.
Selene determines that the pair of Lycans may have been following a human, Michael Corvin, and continues her investigation.
In a Lycan lair, a scientist named Singe tests blood from kidnapped descendants of the ancient Corvinus family, trying to find a pure source of the ancient and powerful Corvinus bloodline.
Soon after Selene finds Michael, the pair are attacked by Lycans, including their leader, who is revealed to be Lucian.
Lucian bites Michael, but Selene helps Michael escape and the two become attracted to each other.
Selene discovers that Kraven was the only witness to Lucian's supposed death.
Sensing a conspiracy, she awakens a dormant powerful vampire elder, Viktor, who has been hibernating.
Viktor is angered by his early awakening, as it was Markus' turn to rule the coven.
Viktor believes Kraven and orders Selene to acquiesce to the vampire hierarchy.
Kraven, meanwhile, has secretly planned to kill the third vampire elder, Amelia, and her companions with Lucian's help.
Selene informs Michael about the feud and her past.
She then binds him, fearing that he will kill innocent people after he changes into his Lycan form at the coming night's full moon.
Selene captures Singe while Michael is captured by Lycans.
Selene returns to the mansion with Singe, who admits to Viktor that the Lycans are trying to combine the bloodlines of the two species with the Corvinus Strain, the shared source of both the Vampire and Lycan bloodlines, to create a powerful hybrid.
After Kraven flees the mansion because Singe has revealed his cooperation with Lucian, news arrives that Amelia, who was coming to awaken Markus, has been killed by Lycans.
Viktor kills Singe and tasks Selene to kill Michael.
While Michael is being held captive, he learns from Lucian that Viktor's daughter, Sonja, and Lucian were lovers.
Lucian tells Michael that the Lycans were slaves to the vampires.
When Viktor learned that his daughter had been impregnated by a Lycan, he killed her to prevent any crossing of the two species, which led to the war.
According to Lucian, such a crossing would create a hybrid creature that would be more powerful than both the vampires and Lycans.
Selene arrives with a group of Death Dealers to kill the Lycans and Kraven for his treachery.
Kraven shoots Lucian with a newly designed bullet that kills by poisoning a Lycan's bloodstream with silver nitrate.
Selene rescues Michael, who is shot by Kraven.
Kraven tells Selene it was Viktor who killed her family.
Lucian stabs Kraven in the leg and convinces Selene to bite Michael, transmitting the vampire virus into his bloodstream.
Selene complies, and Kraven flees after killing Lucian.
Viktor arrives and admits that he killed Selene's family, though he believes she should be grateful as he spared her and made her immortal.
He reveals the truth of his love for Sonja – that his choice to have her killed was to protect the vampires and that he must now kill Michael to protect the vampires.
Selene eventually kills Viktor with the assistance of Michael, who is now a hybrid.
Selene and Michael leave the Lycan lair, now enemies of both species.
At the mansion, blood from Singe's corpse seeps into the sarcophagus of a hibernating elder, Markus, a carrier of the original Corvinus Strain.
<EOS>
When the King Agamemnon is murdered by his wife Clytemnestra and her lover and relative Aegisthus, the daughter Electra decides to get even, with the help of her brother Orestes.
He helps his cousin Pylades to steal into Clytemnestra's house, and despite the fact that she is his mother, stabs her to death, then Aegisthus, as well.
<EOS>
The three films comprise a "coming of age" narrative in the vein of a bildungsroman; they describe the childhood, education and early maturity of a young Bengali named Apu (Apurba Kumar Roy) in the early part of the 20th century.
Pather Panchali (Bengali, "Song of the Little Road") Apu's early experiences in rural Bengal as the son of a poor but high caste family are presented.
Apu's father Harihar, a Brahmin, has difficulty in supporting his family.
After the death of Apu's sister, Durga, the family moves to the holy city of Benares.
Aparajito (Bengali, "The Unvanquished") The family's finances are still precarious.
After his father dies there, Apu and his mother Sarbajaya come back to a village in Bengal.
Despite unrelenting poverty, Apu manages to get formal schooling and turns out to be a brilliant student.
The growing Apu comes into conflict with his mother.
Later, when his mother dies too, he has to learn to live alone.
Apur Sansar (Bengali, "The World of Apu") Attempting to become a writer, Apu unexpectedly finds himself pressured to marry a girl whose mother rejected her mentally ill bridegroom on the day of their wedding.
Their blossoming marriage ends in her death in childbirth, after which the despairing Apu abandons his child, but eventually returns to accept his responsibilities.
<EOS>
While the Enterprise is docked at Starbase 173 for routine maintenance, cyberneticist Commander Bruce Maddox (Brian Brophy) comes aboard to pay a visit to lt Commander Data (Brent Spiner), wishing to better understand Data's positronic brain.
It quickly becomes clear that Maddox has an ulterior motive of transferring the contents of Data's memory to the starbase mainframe computer and shutting down and disassembling him to learn how to recreate the technology.
Though Maddox promises to restore Data following his analysis and assures him his memories will be intact, Data is concerned that the procedure is riskier than Maddox is letting on, and argues that while the factual details of his memories will be preserved, the nuances of his experiences may not be.
Data refuses, causing Maddox to turn to Starfleet to order him to comply.
Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Patrick Stewart) supports Data's position, and is advised that the only way for Data to evade the order is to resign from Starfleet, which Data does.
Maddox, however, argues that Data is Starfleet property, not a sentient being, and as such does not have the right to choose to resign.
The presiding Judge Advocate General for the sector, Captain Philippa Louvois (Amanda McBroom), rules for Maddox, so Picard requests a formal hearing to challenge the ruling.
Louvois agrees and compels Commander William Riker (Jonathan Frakes) to represent Maddox in the dispute against Picard who represents Data.
Riker's arguments portray Data as merely a machine constructed by man, and no more than the sum of his parts, and in a striking final demonstration, switches Data off.
Picard calls for a recess, during which Guinan (Whoopi Goldberg) suggests that regardless of whether Data is a machine or not, Maddox's plans for reproducing him would lead to a situation tantamount to slavery.
Picard uses this to defuse Riker's arguments, and turns the discussion to metaphysical matters of Data's sentience.
Picard points out that Data meets two of the three criteria that Maddox uses to define sentient life.
Data is intelligent and self-aware, and Picard asks anyone in the court to show a means of measuring consciousness.
With no one able to answer this, Louvois acknowledges that neither she nor anyone else can measure this in Data and rules that he has the right to choose.
Upon the court's ruling, Data formally refuses to undergo the procedure.
After the hearing, Data tells Maddox that his research remains intriguing to him and offers to help Maddox understand his workings better after Maddox has had more time to study and perfect his techniques.
Maddox, for his part, refers to Data for the first time as "he" rather than "it".
Later, Data finds Riker, who is ashamed of having had to argue against his friend in the hearing.
Data cheers him up by telling him that his action was an act of self-sacrifice that gave Data the chance to win his freedom, as had Riker refused to participate, Louvois' original judgement in favor of Maddox would have been final.
<EOS>
9, the elderly and widowed, but still lively, Marchioness of Shayne is holding a party at her home in London to celebrate the impending society marriage of a young woman who, it turns out, is in love not with her fiancé but with another man, a poor musician ("That Wonderful Melody").
The young woman is torn between love and fortune, and Lady Shane is reminded of her own youth ("The Call of Life").
Plot.
Nearly 55 years earlier, in 1875, Lady Shane is the young Sarah Millick, a wealthy London girl, who is having a singing lesson with her dashing music teacher, Carl Linden.
The spirited Sarah is engaged to Lord Hugh, a wealthy but rigid young nobleman, but she and her music teacher have fallen in love ("If You Could Only Come With Me").
Carl is a man of integrity and does not want to ruin Sarah's young dreams.
He plans to return to his native Austria late that night but vows to think of Sarah each Spring ("I'll See You Again").
At the pre-wedding party, Sarah realises that her life with Lord Hugh would be very unhappy indeed ("What Is Love").
Carl is entertaining at the party ("The Last Dance"), and when she sees the depth of his love for her, she agrees to run away with him to Vienna.
Five years later, in Vienna, Carl is a bandleader, and Sarah (now called Sari), sings his songs, but she is unhappy with their new employment at Schlick's Café, a racy establishment where she is expected to dance with the patrons, and perhaps more ("Ladies of the Town").
Carl's earlier love, Manon, is another entertainer at the cafe, who has mixed feelings about Sarah ("If Love Were All").
Sarah begs Carl to quit the cafe and take them to a safer place ("Evermore and a Day"; "Dear Little Café").
He agrees, but that night is busy at the cafe ("Tokay").
Manon sings "Bonne Nuit, Merci".
Sarah is asked to dance with an army captain who handles her boldly and steals a kiss on the dance floor ("Kiss Me").
Carl is enraged and strikes the military man.
The captain challenges Carl to a duel and easily kills the musician with his sword.
Thirteen years pass, and it is the Gay Nineties ("Ta Ra Ra Boom"; "Green Carnation").
Sarah has become world-famous as an interpreter of Carl's song ("Alas.
The Time is Past").
She returns to London, pursued by the amiable Marquis of Shayne, who is struck by her talent and sadness; he is sure that he can restore her youthful spirit.
She sees her old London friends after nearly 20 years and entertains them with Carl's music ("Zigeuner").
Lord Shayne has proposed to her in every capital in Europe and now, home in London, he tells her that he accepts the fact that her love for Carl has never died.
He begs her to let him make her happy again.
She reluctantly accepts his proposal; she sings to Carl, "I shall love you till I die – good bye" ("I'll See You Again" (reprise)).
<EOS>
Gilda is an interior designer who lives with the painter Otto, who was previously attached to Leo, an author.
She is visited by Ernest Friedman, an art dealer and friend of all three.
He is excited about his newly acquired Matisse and wants to show it to Otto.
Gilda says that Otto is in bed, ill, and cannot be disturbed.
Ernest tells her that Leo is back in Paris after making a success in New York.
Otto enters from the street, carrying luggage, and very clearly not bedridden as Gilda has told Ernest.
Ernest prudently takes his leave.
After he and Otto have gone out to find Leo, supposedly at the George V Hotel, Leo enters from Gilda's bedroom where he has spent the night with her.
They discuss what they should say to Otto, whom they both love.
On his return they tell him that they have slept together in his absence, and after a furious row he renounces both of them and storms out of the room.
Leo and Gilda are now living together.
His plays are now immensely successful.
A journalist and press photographer call to do a feature on him.
During the interview Leo makes several remarks that show how shallow he finds success.
A few days later, Leo is away, and Otto turns up.
He too has now become successful.
Otto and Gilda dine together and their old love is rekindled.
They embrace passionately.
Scene 3  The next morning, Otto is still asleep when Ernest calls on Gilda.
She tells him she is leaving Leo, and they exit together.
Leo returns to discover Otto, who at once acknowledges that he has spent the night with Gilda.
Before the ensuing row develops too far they spot the notes Gilda has left for them both.
They are both horrified that she has gone, and they drown their sorrows in brandy and then sherry.
They embrace, sobbing helplessly.
married Ernest and become a commercially successful designer.
Ernest is away, and Gilda is giving a reception for some important clients.
It is gatecrashed by Otto and Leo, in impeccable evening dress, determined to reclaim her.
They frighten her guests into leaving, and Gilda pretends to bid them goodnight along with her other guests, but secretly gives them a key and tells them to return later.
Ernest returns the next morning to find Otto and Leo in his apartment, wearing his pyjamas.
Gilda, however, has not been there.
She has been to a hotel overnight to allow herself time to think.
When she returns Otto and Leo explain to an incredulous and incandescent Ernest that Gilda's formal status as his wife is irrelevant.
She slowly realises that the attraction the two exert for her is irresistible.
As Ernest rushes out denouncing their "disgusting three-sided erotic hotch-potch," Gilda, Otto and Leo fall together on a sofa in gales of laughter.
<EOS>
The plot follows the story of Bird, a 27 year old Japanese man.
The book starts with him wondering about a hypothetical trip to Africa, which is a recurrent theme in his mind throughout the story.
Soon after day-dreaming about his trip and a brawl with a few local delinquents from the region, Bird receives a call from the doctor of the hospital regarding his newborn child, urging him to talk in person.
After meeting with the doctor, he discovers that his son has been born with a brain hernia, although the fact is still obscure to his wife.
Bird is troubled by the revelation, and regrets having to inform the relatives of his wife about the facts concerning the state of the child, who is not expected to survive for long.
Not long after, Bird meets an ex-girlfriend of his, called Himiko, who has, after her husband's suicide, become a sexual deviant and eccentric.
After a short philosophical discussion, both become drunk and Bird sleeps at Himiko's, only to wake up on the morning after in a deep state of hangover from all the whisky he had drunk the day before.
He vomits violently.
After refreshing up and readying himself for work, Bird goes to his teaching job at Cram school to teach English Literature.
Whilst teaching, Bird suddenly becomes wildly nauseated and vomits in his classroom.
The classmates disapprove of Bird's behaviour, claiming that he's a drunk and should be fired from his job.
Bird worries that he might lose his job.
After the ordeal, he returns to the hospital, sure that his child should have died by now.
When he asks the nurse concerning the baby, he is surprised to know that his child is still alive, and if survived after a few days, is expected to go through Brain Surgery, even though the prospects of him turning into a healthy normal child is non-existent.
Bird struggles with this fact, and desires the child to die as soon as possible so as to not have the responsibility for the so-called "monster baby" to ruin his life and his prospects for travelling by himself to the African Continent.
The internal psychological struggle that he has to go through makes him feel fear, anger and shame, towards the baby and himself.
A little while after, Bird goes to Himiko's house and is proposed by her sexual intercourse, of which he agrees.
However, haunted by the ordeal of his dying child, Bird is unable to achieve an erection at the mention of the word "pregnancy" and "womb" uttered by Himiko, and ends up resorting to the practice of BDSM.
He feels reluctant at first, but then concedes and is able to achieve orgasm with Himiko.
When he goes back to the hospital, Bird has to lie to his wife concerning the state of the baby and its cranial condition, claiming that it is an unknown organ failure that is causing the baby to suffer.
He does not admit that he expects the baby's death.
Back at his cram school job, he meets one of his friendly students who wishes to claim that the vomit incident the earlier day was caused by food poisoning, and not hangover, in order for Bird have better chances of not being fired.
Bird appreciates this offer, but decides to go clean to his superiors regarding the incident.
After the meeting with his supervisor, he is let go of his job.
Bird realizes that now he has no prospects for ever travelling to the African Continent, and worries about his Hospital Bills and financial situation.
Bird tries to escape his responsibility for the child and his crumbling relationship with his wife, turning to alcohol and Himiko.
Eventually, he is fired from his job teaching at a cram school in the process.
He half attempts to kill the child, albeit indirectly, and is forced to decide whether he wants to keep the child.
<EOS>
Scarlet Diva is a semi-autobiographical film about the Italian actress and director Asia Argento's life as an actress.
A self-destructive streak in Anna Batista (Argento) pulls her into drugs, sex and other excesses.
To combat this descent, she attempts to fulfill her creative side by becoming a film director.
Batista's attempts to realize her talent is thwarted however by her desires and the uncaring responses of those around her.
As part of her plans to become a director and bring her story to the screen, Batista travels to Los Angeles but only meets a shady film producer (Joe Coleman).
She falls in love with an uncaring Australian rock and roll star (Jean Shepard), then finds out she is pregnant by him.
But her life is still in disarray as she uses drugs to help her feel better.
Released in January 2000, Scarlet Diva was shot entirely on digital video, making it among the earliest feature films to be created with this technology.
<EOS>
Brad Hamilton is a popular senior who is looking forward to his last year of school and almost has his 1960 Buick LeSabre paid off.
He has a part-time job at All-American Burger, where his girlfriend, Lisa, also works.
Brad is subsequently fired for losing his temper at an obnoxious customer.
When Brad tries to tell Lisa how much he needs her, she says she is breaking up with him to see other guys.
Brad quits his job at Captain Hook Fish & Chips because of the humiliation of having to wear a pirate costume when delivering food.
Brad's sister Stacy is a 15-year-old sophomore and also a virgin.
Stacy works at a pizza parlor at the mall alongside her outspoken friend, popular and sexually active Linda.
One night at work, Stacy takes an order from Ron Johnson, a 26-year-old stereo salesman who asks her out after she tells him she's 19.
She then sneaks out to meet him and have sex in a dugout at a softball field.
Stacy never hears from Ron again, revealing the loss of her virginity to Linda.
Mike Damone, a dilettante who earns money taking bets and scalping tickets, fancies himself a sagacious and worldly ladies' man.
After Mike's friend Mark Ratner proclaims his love for Stacy to him, Mike lets Mark in on his five secrets for picking up girls.
Mike later coaxes Mark into taking Stacy on a date to a German restaurant.
Afterwards, at her home, Stacy invites Mark into her bedroom, where they look at Stacy's photo album together.
They eventually kiss, but he soon shies away and leaves after Stacy attempts to become intimate with him.
Stacy invites Damone over after school for a swim in the pool, which leads to them having sex in the pool house.
Stacy later informs Damone that she is pregnant, and tells him she's scheduled an abortion.
But on the day of her appointment, embarrassed at being unable to raise the money for his half of the bill, Damone ignores her.
Stacy asks Brad to drive her to a bowling alley, but she goes to the abortion clinic across the street.
When Brad returns, Stacy makes him promise not to tell their parents.
When Stacy tells Linda, Linda becomes angry at Damone, leading to an almost physical confrontation between Damone and Mark in the boys' locker room until it is broken up by the gym teacher.
Jeff Spicoli is a surfer and marijuana user who runs afoul of a strict history teacher mr Hand, who is intolerant of Spicoli's disregard for his class.
One night, Spicoli wrecks Ridgemont star football player Charles Jefferson's 1979 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 during a joyride with Jefferson's younger brother.
Spicoli decides to park the car in front of the school with slurs painted on it supposedly written by Ridgemont's rival, Lincoln High.
When Ridgemont plays Lincoln, Jefferson is angry about his car, thrashes several of Lincoln's players, and wins the game for Ridgemont.
On the evening of the graduation dance, mr Hand shows up at Spicoli's house and informs him that since he has wasted eight hours of class time over the past year, mr Hand intends to make up for it that night.
They have a one-on-one session that lasts until mr Hand is satisfied that Spicoli has understood the lesson.
In the end, Mark and Stacy get back together.
Brad takes a job at a convenience store and is promoted to manager when he foils a robbery.
The fates of some of the other characters are revealed in an epilogue: Spicoli saves Brooke Shields from drowning and then spends the reward money hiring Van Halen to play at his birthday party.
Linda gets accepted to UC Riverside and moves in with her Abnormal Psychology professor.
Damone gets arrested for scalping Ozzy Osbourne tickets and gets a job at 7-Eleven when he gets out, and mr Hand still believes everyone is "on dope".
<EOS>
Evidence is found of an intelligent alien species who visited the Earth long ago and left an encyclopedia with the collected knowledge of their culture.
The story is told from the point of view of a human historian on a star ship on the way to Alpha Centauri (the aliens' home star) who is using the time in transit to translate two alien books and to write a history of how humans gained access to the aliens' knowledge.
9000 years ago the alien society in the Alpha Centauri system was under threat of cosmic bombardment.
Their only hope to survive was to explore and colonize nearby space.
On 21st century Earth, astronauts find artifacts left by this civilization and wonder who they were.
The narrator is a historian who is part of a mission to the Alpha Centauri system, the home system of the aliens.
As all crew members were required to bring several projects to work on, due to the decades long nature of the mission, she spends her time writing biographies of several family members who were closely involved in the acquisition of a repository of the aliens' knowledge.
As another project, she translates two autobiographies by the aliens who had visited the Solar System over 9000 years earlier.
<EOS>
Aurochs is an attempt by Trumbo to tell the tale of World War II through the eyes of a Nazi by the name of Grieban, commandant of the concentration camp at Auschwitz.
The book is compiled and edited by Robert Kirsch.
The story starts out narrated in the first person through a series of letters written by Grieban, but later is written in the third person.
In his narration, Grieban tries to link the ethical nature of the Nazi movement to the American Civil War by saying the comparisons are undeniable: Fighting to keep the races pure and separated.
Grieban may be looked at as the epitome of one fighting for the cause, but he himself fails to live up to his own high ideals of racial purity when he falls in 'love' with a Jewish woman during his years as a Nazi concentration camp commandant.
<EOS>
Biron Farrill, about to complete studies at the University of Earth, is told by Sander Jonti that his father, a rich planetary leader known as Lord Rancher of Widemos, has been arrested and killed by the Tyranni and his own life may be in danger.
On Jonti's advice, he travels to Rhodia, the strongest of the conquered planets.
There he hears rumours of a world where rebellion against the Tyranni is secretly being plotted.
Escaping with Artemisia oth Hinriad, the daughter of the Director of Rhodia and the Director's cousin Gillbret in a Tyranni spaceship, they travel to the planet Lingane.
It is not a part of the Tyranni conquests, but maintains "peaceful" relations with them.
There, they meet the Autarch of Lingane (who is revealed to be Sander Jonti, the man who sent Farrill to Rhodia from Earth), who seems to possess knowledge of a rebellion world.
With him and his followers, the group travel to the heart of the Horsehead Nebula — they believe that for any rebellion world to exist and not be known to the Tyranni, it must be located in a place like the Horsehead Nebula.
The Tyranni spaceship stolen by Farrill is being tracked by a fleet of Tyranni vessels led by Simok Aratap, the Tyrannian Commissioner.
With him is the Director, who is shown to be nervous about his daughter's and brother's well-being.
They keep themselves at a distance for fear of Farrill discovering them until Farrill lands on one planet in the heart of the nebula.
The Autarch believes that the planet is the rebellion world.
However, there is no sign of life anywhere.
When the Autarch and Farrill leave the spaceship to apparently set up a radio transmitter, Farrill faces the Autarch and accuses him of getting his father killed at the hands of the Tyranni.
The Autarch affirms the accusation, to which Farrill adds that the Autarch feared his father's growing reputation.
That is why he arranged Farrill's father's death.
In a fight, Farrill subdues the Autarch with help from the Autarch's aide, Tedor Rizzet, who reveals that he is ashamed of the Autarch for killing a great man like Farrill's father.
Later, as Farrill and Rizzet try to explain everything to the rest of the crew they picked up from Lingane, the Tyranni fleet arrives and takes them prisoner.
Aratap interrogates Farrill, Artemisia, Gillbret and Rizzet in order to ascertain the coordinates of the rebellion world but they do not know where it is.
However, the Autarch reveals the coordinates to Aratap.
Rizzet kills the Autarch with a blaster in anger.
While Aratap interrogates Farrill, Gillbret manages to escape to the engine room of the spaceship and short the hyperatomics.
Farrill, realising the danger, manages to contact Aratap.
The engines are repaired, but Gillbret is injured and later dies.
The space jump is made with the coordinates given to them by the late Autarch.
However, they find a planetless system consisting only of a white-dwarf star.
Aratap lets Farrill and the others go, believing that there is no rebellion world.
Aratap makes it clear that he will never to be chosen as Director.
Biron and Artemisia are allowed to marry.
It is eventually revealed that there is indeed a rebellion in the making, located on Rhodia itself.
The Director is its leader; he deliberately took on the persona of a nervous and timid old man to throw off suspicion from himself and his planet.
It is further revealed that the Director, who possesses a collection of ancient documents, has searched for, and found, a document that will help a future empire-yet-to-be (likely Trantor) govern the galaxy.
This document is ultimately revealed to be the United States Constitution.
<EOS>
A young woman, Cresta Lee (Bergen), and youngS.
private Honus Gant (Strauss) are joined together by fate when they are the only two survivors after their group is massacred by the Cheyenne.
Gant is devoted to his country and duty; Lee, who has lived with the Cheyenne for two years, declares that in this conflict she sympathizes more with them.
The two must now try to make it to Fort Reunion, the army base camp, where Cresta's fiance, an army officer, waits for her.
As they travel through the desert with very low supplies, hiding from the Indians, they are spotted by a group of Kiowa horsemen.
Under pressure from Cresta, Honus fights and seriously wounds the group's chief.
Honus finds himself unable to kill the chief, and the chief's own men stab him for his defeat and leave Honus and Cresta alone.
Eventually, after being shot at by a white trader (played by Donald Pleasence) who had supplied guns to the Cheyenne, Honus finds himself in a cave where Cresta has left him to get help.
She arrives at Fort Reunion, only to discover that her fiance's cavalry plans to attack the peaceful Indian village of the Cheyenne the following day.
She runs away on a horse and reaches the village in time to warn Spotted Wolf, the Cheyenne chief.
The chief refuses to indulge in warfare and rides out to extend a hand of friendship to the American soldiers using theS.
flag.
The soldiers, however, obey the orders of their commanding officer to open fire at the village.
After a cavalry charge decimates the Indian men, the soldiers enter the village and begin to rape and kill the female survivors as Honus attempts to disrupt the massacre.
Cresta attempts to lead the remaining women and children to safety, but her group is discovered and massacred while Cresta herself is spared.
After the battle, Honus is led away in shackles and Cresta departs with the remaining survivors.
<EOS>
In a small Mississippi town, deputy Jim Price is elected sheriff over John Little, the incumbent.
Racial tensions exist in the community, and Price gets little assistance from Little, leaving office, or from Mayor Parks, who insists he be consulted on any decision the new sheriff makes.
A white man, John Braddock, is arrested on a manslaughter charge after his drunken driving causes the death of a young girl.
Braddock's father carries considerable influence and demands his son be freed.
Price's deputy, Bradford Wilkes, is beaten by Little's former deputy, Bengy Springer.
Another arrest is made, this time of a black man, George Harley, accused of rape.
The townspeople's mood turns uglier by the minute, particularly when Braddock's father threatens to spring his son by force if necessary.
Little's conscience gets the better of him.
He agrees to become Price's new deputy.
Together, they try in vain to persuade other men in town to side with them against Braddock's vigilantes and to convince the mayor to call in the National Guard for help.
Alone against the mob, Price and Little form a barricade and prepare for the worst when their fellow townsmen suddenly join them in the street.
<EOS>
On the New Jersey Shore in the 1950s, two Italian immigrant brothers from Abruzzo own and operate a restaurant called "Paradise".
One brother, Primo, is a brilliant, perfectionist chef who chafes under their few customers' expectations of "Americanized" Italian food.
Their uncle's offer for them to return to Rome to help with his restaurant is growing in appeal to Primo.
The younger brother, Secondo, is the restaurant manager, a man enamored of the possibilities presented by their new endeavor and life in America.
Despite Secondo's efforts and Primo's magnificent food, their restaurant is failing.
Secondo's struggles as a businessman render him unable to commit to his girlfriend Phyllis, and he has recently been sleeping with Gabriella, the wife of a competitor.
Her husband's eponymous restaurant, "Pascal's", has succeeded despite (or perhaps due to) the mediocre, uninspired food served there.
Desperate to keep Paradise afloat, Secondo asks Pascal for a loan.
Pascal demurs, repeating a past offer for the brothers to work for him.
This Secondo refuses to do; he and his brother want their own restaurant.
In a seemingly generous gesture, Pascal insists that he will persuade popular Italian-American singer Louis Prima to dine at Paradise when in town, assuming the celebrity jazz singer's patronage will revitalize the brothers' business.
Primo and Secondo plunge themselves into preparation for this "big night", spending their entire savings on food and inviting people (including a newspaper reporter) to join them in a magnificent feast centered around a timpano, a complicated baked pasta dish.
Primo pours his heart into every dish, lavishing care and great expertise on the cooking.
As they wait for Prima and his entourage to arrive, the diners indulge in the exquisite food and partake in a fabulous celebration.
Hours pass, however, and it becomes apparent that the famous singer is not coming.
Phyllis catches Secondo and Gabriella kissing and runs off to the beach.
At Gabriella's insistence, Pascal admits that he never called Louis Prima, thus ending the party.
Secondo follows Phyllis to the beach where they have a final quarrel.
Primo and Secondo have a fiery, heart-wrenching argument, chafing at their mutual differences.
In the wee hours of the morning, Pascal admits to Secondo that he set the brothers up for failure; not as revenge for Secondo's affair with Gabriella but because the brothers would have no choice but to return to Italy or work for Pascal.
Secondo denies him, saying they will never work for him.
As dawn breaks, Secondo silently cooks an omelette.
When done, he divides it among three plates, giving one to Cristiano, their waiter, and eating one himself.
Primo hesitantly enters, and Secondo hands him the last plate.
They eat without speaking, and lay their arms across one another's shoulders.
<EOS>
Growing up, Evan Treborn and his friends, Lenny and siblings Kayleigh and Tommy Miller, suffered many severe psychological traumas that frequently caused Evan to black out.
These traumas include being coerced to take part in child pornography by Kayleigh and Tommy's father, George Miller (Eric Stoltz), being nearly strangled to death by his institutionalized father, Jason Treborn (Callum Keith Rennie), who is then killed in front of him by guards; accidentally killing a mother and her infant daughter while playing with dynamite with his friends; and seeing his dog being burned alive by Tommy.
Seven years later, while entertaining a girl in his dorm room, Evan discovers that when he reads from his adolescent journals, he can travel back in time and redo parts of his past.
His time traveling episodes account for the frequent blackouts he experienced as a child, since those are the moments that his adult self occupied his conscious, such as the moment his father strangled him when he realizes that Evan shares his time-traveling affliction.
However, there are consequences to his revised choices that dramatically alter his present life.
For example, his personal time-line leads to alternative futures in which he finds himself, variously, as a college student in a fraternity, an inmate imprisoned for murdering Tommy, and a double amputee.
Eventually, he realizes that, even though his intentions to fix the past are good, his actions have unforeseen consequences, in which either he or at least one of his friends does not benefit.
Moreover, the assimilation of dozens of years' worth of new memories from the alternative timelines causes him brain damage and severe nosebleeds.
He ultimately reaches the conclusion that he and his friends might not have good futures as long as he keeps altering the past, and he realizes that he is hurting them rather than helping.
Evan travels back one final time to the day he first met Kayleigh as a child.
He intentionally upsets her so that she and Tommy will choose to live with their mother, in a different neighborhood, instead of with their father when they divorce.
As a result, they aren't subjected to a destructive upbringing, don't grow up with Evan, and go on to have happy, successful lives.
Evan awakens in a college dorm room, where Lenny is his roommate.
As a test, he asks where Kayleigh is, to which Lenny responds "Who's Kayleigh.
".
Knowing that everything is all right this time, Evan burns his journals and videos to avoid altering the timeline ever again.
Eight years later in New York City, an adult Evan exits an office building and passes by Kayleigh on the street.
Though a brief look of recognition passes over both of their faces, they both decide to keep walking.
<EOS>
High school senior Andie Walsh lives on modestly with her underemployed working class father, Jack.
Andie's best friend, Phil "Duckie" Dale, is in love with her, but is afraid to tell her how he truly feels.
In school, Duckie and Andie, along with their friends, are harassed and bullied by the arrogant "richie" kids, specifically Benny Hanson and her boyfriend Steff McKee, who is secretly interested in Andie.
While working after school at TRAX, a new wave record store, Andie starts talking about her school's senior prom to her manager Iona, who advises Andie to go despite not having a date.
Blane McDonough, one of the preppy boys and Steff's best friend, starts talking to Andie at school and at TRAX, and eventually asks her out.
Steff tells Andie to stop talking to her.
On the night of the date, Andie waits for Blane at TRAX, but he is late.
Duckie comes in and asks Andie to go out with him, but she ignores him.
Iona gives her a pep talk, while Duckie, still oblivious, asks what's wrong.
When Blane arrives, Duckie is upset and starts an argument with Andie, with Duckie trying to convince her that Blane will only hurt her.
Duckie storms off and Andie goes on with her date.
Blane suggests going to a house party Steff is throwing, but Andie is treated poorly by everyone, including a drunk Steff and Benny.
Andie, in turn, suggests going to the local club, where they discover Iona sitting with Duckie, who is hostile toward Blane.
After another argument with Duckie, Andie and Blane walk out of the club.
Andie, feeling that their night didn't go so well, tells Blane that she wants to go home, but when Blane offers to take her home, she refuses, admitting that she doesn't want him to see where she lives.
She eventually allows him to drop her off and he asks her to the prom, which she accepts and they share their first kiss.
Andie visits Iona at her apartment the next day to talk about Andie's date.
Meanwhile, Blane, pressured by Steff, begins distancing himself from Andie.
Jack comes home one night and surprises Andie with a pink dress he bought for her at a thrift shop.
Questioning how he was able to afford it, Andie tells him that she knows he has been lying about going to a full-time job.
The two fight until Jack breaks down, revealing that he is still bitter and depressed about his wife having left him.
At school, Andie confronts Blane for avoiding her and not returning her calls.
When asked about prom, he claims that he had already asked somebody else but had forgotten.
Andie starts calling Blane a liar and accuses him of being ashamed of being seen with her because his friends don't approve.
Andie runs away as a teary-eyed Blane leaves, with Steff criticizing Andie again.
Duckie overhears Steff and attacks him in the hallway.
The two fight before teachers intervene.
Andie goes to Iona, crying about what happened.
She asks for Iona's old prom dress.
Using the fabric from Iona's dress and the thrift shop dress, Andie creates a new pink prom dress.
When she arrives at the prom, Andie has second thoughts about braving the crowd on her own until she sees Duckie walk out.
They reconcile and walk into the ballroom hand in hand.
When a drunk Steff begins mocking the couple, Blane confronts him and finally realizes that Steff resents Andie because she had turned down Steff's advances.
Blane then approaches the two, shaking Duckie's hand and then apologizing to Andie, telling her that he always believed in her and that he will always love her, kissing her cheek before walking out.
Duckie concedes that Blane is not like the other rich kids at school and advises Andie to go after him, joking that he'll never take her to another prom if she doesn't.
Duckie then sees a girl smiling at him, telling him to come over and dance with her.
Andie catches up with Blane in the parking lot and they kiss passionately.
<EOS>
The novel opens with the family in the hold of a sailing ship, weathering a great storm.
The ships' passengers evacuate without them, and William and Elizabeth and their four children (Fritz, Ernest, Jack and Francis) are left to survive alone.
As the ship tosses about, the father - William - prays that God will spare them.
The ship survives the night and the family finds themselves within sight of a tropical desert island.
The next morning, they decide to get to the island they can see beyond the reef.
With much effort, they construct a vessel out of tubs.
After they fill the tubs with food and ammunition and all other articles of value they can safely carry, they row toward the island.
Two dogs from the ship named Turk and Flora swim beside them.
The ship's cargo of livestock (including chickens, domestic ducks, domestic geese, and domestic pigeons), guns & powder, carpentry tools, books, a disassembled pinnace, and provisions have survived.
Upon reaching the island, the family set up a makeshift camp.
The father knows that they must prepare for a long time on the island and his thoughts are as much on provisions for the future as for their immediate wants.
William and his oldest son Fritz spend the next day exploring the island.
The family spends the next few days securing themselves against hunger.
William and Fritz make several trips to the ship in their efforts to bring ashore everything useful from the vessel.
The domesticated animals on the ship are towed back to the island.
There is also a great store of firearms and ammunition, hammocks for sleeping, carpenter’s tools, lumber, cooking utensils, silverware, and dishes.
Initially they construct a treehouse, but as time passes (and after Elizabeth is injured climbing the stairs down from it), they settle in a more permanent dwelling in part of a cave.
Fritz rescues a young Englishwoman (Jenny Montrose) shipwrecked elsewhere on their island.
The book covers more than ten years.
The father and older boys explore various environments and develop homes and gardens in various sites about the island.
At the end, the father wonders if they will ever again see the rest of humanity.
Eventually a British ship who is in search of Jenny Montrose anchors near the island and is discovered by the family.
The captain is given the journal containing the story of their life on the island which is eventually published.
Several members of the family choose to continue to live tranquilly on their island while several of them return to Europe with the British ship.
<EOS>
In 1985, Robbie Hart (Adam Sandler) is an engaging and entertaining wedding singer from Ridgefield, New Jersey.
He is engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Linda (Angela Featherstone), who was attracted to him at a time when he dreamed of becoming a rock star.
He meets and befriends a waitress, Julia Sullivan (Drew Barrymore), at the reception hall where he regularly performs.
She is also engaged to businessman Glenn Gulia (Matthew Glave) and he promises to sing at their wedding.
On their wedding day, Robbie's sister, Kate, informs him about Linda changing her mind, leaving him emotionally devastated and humiliated.
Later that day, she visits him and he confronts her for leaving him at the altar, rather than tell him the truth so they can cancel the wedding.
She reveals that she stopped loving him when she found out that he lost his ambitions of being a rock star and instead became a wedding singer.
She tells him that after talking to her friends, she realizes she can't continue lying to herself and ends their relationship.
He tries to move forward with his life, but despair hinders his performances.
Julia tries to cheer him up and later asks him to help her plan her own wedding.
He eventually agrees and their friendship blossoms.
Meanwhile, as he spends more time with her, she begins to realize how shallow Linda is.
During a double date between Julia and Glenn, and Julia's cousin, Holly (Christine Taylor), Robbie learns that Glenn frequently cheats on Julia and does not plan to stop after they get married.
Julia and Robbie are increasingly confused by their deepening feelings for each other.
He tells her he has plans to retire from singing and pursue a more conventional career, thinking that will impress her.
She becomes angry with him for assuming that she is marrying Glenn for his money (although she is under pressure from her worried parents to do just that so she will not tread water as they have).
Dismayed, he goes to a bar where his friend, Sammy (Allen Covert), says that guys who refuse to settle down get forgotten, using the example of once-popular TV shows featuring single swinging guys that got cancelled due to the same old schtick, which inspires him to proceed to the Sullivan house to tell Julia how he feels.
When he arrives, he sees her through her bedroom window.
She is wearing her wedding dress, to which he mistakenly concludes that she is looking forward to marrying Glenn.
In actuality, she is expressing doubts about him, particularly her new name of Julia Gulia and imagines herself as Robbie's bride would be nice, hence her imagined glee.
Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his pre-bachelor party.
After a heated exchange, he punches Robbie and proceeds to mock him.
An intoxicated Robbie goes home and finds Linda waiting for him and wanting to reconcile.
He passes out, but the following morning, she answers the door and introduces herself as his fiancée to a crestfallen Julia.
She runs to Glenn, wanting to be married immediately.
He happily offers to take her to Las Vegas.
Before getting on the plane and during the flight, she begins to show regret for planning to marry him.
Robbie awakens and after shaking off his hangover from the previous night, tells Linda that it's over and kicks her out.
Then he attends the 50th wedding anniversary party of his friend, Rosie (to whom he has been giving singing lessons).
Inspired by this and with her encouragement, he decides to pursue Julia.
Just then, Holly arrives and asks him if he is still with Linda.
He reveals he ended it with her and learns of Julia's plans to marry Glenn.
He, Sammy, and Holly rush to the airport, where he books a flight to Las Vegas.
He gets a first class ticket because all coach seats are sold out.
After telling his story to an empathetic audience in first class, which includes Billy Idol (playing himself, sporting his 1980s trademark spiked hairdo and biker attire), he learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight as he looks through the curtain separating first class and coach.
Over the loudspeaker and with the help of Billy and the flight crew, he sings a song he has written called "Grow Old With You," which he has dedicated to Julia.
When he enters the coach section, Glenn tries to attack him, only for his path to be blocked by a male flight attendant and Billy both pushing refreshment carts.
When Glenn threatens Billy, a burly fan of his also wearing biker attire forces Glenn down the aisle and a female flight attendant he tried seducing earlier pushes him into the lavatory.
Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other and after Billy briefly interrupts them to offer Robbie support in fulfilling his dream of being a songwriter, they share a kiss.
The film ends as the scene fades to a similar kiss, this time at their wedding.
Dave Veltri (Steve Buscemi), the groom's best man from an earlier wedding, becomes the new wedding singer.
<EOS>
Eight years have elapsed since Scott Calvin took on the mantle of Santa Claus and became subject to The Santa Clause.
Now he is at the top of his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least until Head Elf Bernard and Curtis, the Keeper of the Handbook of Christmas break the news that there is another clause — the "Mrs.
Clause".
Santa/Scott is now pressed to get married before the next Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will fade away.
At the same time, Abby the Elf delivers news that is more distressing: Santa's own son Charlie is on the naughty list, for acts including vandalizing the walls of the school gymnasium with spray paint, until he is caught by Principal Carol Newman.
Scott must return to his home to search for a wife and set things right with Charlie.
He brings this up when visited by the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature, Father Time, Cupid, the Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy, and the Sandman.
To cover for Santa's prolonged absence, Curtis helps Santa create a life-size toy replica of Santa, much to Bernard's horror.
However, this replacement cannot find any grace or slack in his plastic heart for minor infractions by children the world over, having followed the Handbook too strictly.
Toy Santa takes control of the North Pole with an army of life-size toy soldiers.
He thinks that everyone is naughty, and he plans to give the entire world lumps of coal.
Because of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-Santafication process" that gradually turns him back into Scott Calvin.
He has a limited amount of magic to help him.
Scott attempts to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to get attention.
He and Charlie both face the ire of Principal Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers.
Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is Santa.
Scott vows to try harder as a dad, and he and Charlie reconcile.
After a few failed dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol, the school principal.
He accompanies her in a sleigh to the faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be dull.
Using a little of his Christmas magic, Scott enlivens the party by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts.
He makes a special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately.
However, she balks when he attempts to explain he is Santa, believing that Scott is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince her by showing her his magic snow globe.
Curtis flies in to deliver the news about the Toy Santa's coal binge.
However, Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, and Comet has eaten too many chocolate bars.
With a little help from the Tooth Fairy, Scott and Curtis return to the North Pole.
Toy Santa wastes no time in subduing Scott, but Charlie and a now-believing Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them there.
Scott goes after the Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh, riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both crash back into the village.
With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie and Curtis lead a snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers.
Toy Santa is reduced to his normal six-inch height, Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over by Mother Nature herself, Scott transforms back to Santa, and Christmas proceeds as it always has.
Scott and Carol have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day.
In addition, Scott and Charlie reveal the truth to Lucy, Charlie's younger half-sister (the daughter of Laura and Neil) about Scott being Santa Claus.
<EOS>
In this Elseworlds story, Superman and the Justice League abandon their roles as superheroes after the rise and strong public support of a superhero named Magog, who has no qualms about murdering in cold blood &mdash; notably the Joker.
In the ensuing years, a newer generation of superpowered metahumans arise; they engage each other in destructive battles with little distinction between "heroes" and "villains".
The narrator, a minister named Norman McCay, receives apocalyptic visions of the future from a dying Wesley Dodds.
The Spectre appears to McCay and recruits him to help pass judgment on the approaching superhuman apocalypse.
An attack on the Parasite, led by Magog, goes awry and much of the American Midwest is irradiated, killing millions and destroying a large portion of America's food production.
Coaxed back into action by Wonder Woman, Superman returns to Metropolis and re-forms the Justice League.
He recruits new heroes along with older ones.
The most prominent exception is the Batman, who resents Superman for leaving the world ten years ago.
Batman warns Superman that his idealist notions are outdated and his interference will only exacerbate the world's problems, insisting that strategy and delicacy is required, not force.
In response to Superman's Justice League, Batman activates his network of agents called the "Outsiders", made up largely of the younger second and third generation heroes, while trusted veterans, such as Green Arrow and Blue Beetle, are chosen as lieutenants.
Lex Luthor has organized the "Mankind Liberation Front".
The MLF is secretly a group of Golden Age villains, including Catwoman, the Riddler, and Vandal Savage, as well as third generation villains like Ra's al Ghul's successor, Ibn al Xu'ffasch, who is Bruce Wayne and Talia al Ghul's son.
The MLF works to take control of the world from the heroes.
Superman's Justice League gathers more captives than converts, and his prison (nicknamed "The Gulag") is filled to capacity almost as soon as it is built.
Superman works to persuade the inmates that their methods are wrong-headed and dangerous, but his entreaties fall upon deaf ears.
With hostile heroes and villains locked up together, pressure builds.
Meanwhile, Superman learns that Wonder Woman's ardent militant stance may be influenced by her recent exile from Paradise Island: in the eyes of the Amazons, her mission to bring peace to the outside world has failed.
Batman and his Outsiders seem to enter into an alliance with the MLF as a united front against the Justice League.
Luthor plans to exacerbate the conflict between the League and the inmates of the Gulag; the ensuing chaos will afford Luthor an opportunity to seize power.
The Batman uses the Martian Manhunter to discover that an adult Billy Batson is under Luthor's control.
Batson, as Captain Marvel, is the only metahuman capable of matching Superman's power.
When the Gulag's inmates riot and kill Captain Comet, Luthor unwittingly reveals to Batman he intends to use the brainwashed Batson to break open the Gulag.
Batman's forces ambush Luthor and his conspirators, but they are unable to restrain Batson, who transforms into Marvel and flies off.
While Wonder Woman leads the Justice League to the superhuman prison riot, Superman confronts Batman.
Batman tries to justify inaction, saying the world would be better off if all the metahumans destroy each other.
Superman points out that if all human life is sacred, then logically that includes superhuman life.
Superman knows that Batman will act, because his entire crimefighting life is based upon the desire to prevent the loss of human life.
Moved by Superman's sentiments, Batman tells Superman that Captain Marvel is under Luthor's control and is on the way to the Gulag.
Superman races to the Gulag, but upon arrival is struck down by Captain Marvel.
This causes a breach in the Gulag, freeing the population, and inciting war between Wonder Woman's Justice League and the metahuman prisoners.
The Spectre and Norman look on as Wonder Woman's League engages with the prisoners and Superman is kept at bay by Captain Marvel.
Batman's army arrives on site as an intervening third party.
Although Batman's forces aid the Justice League in quelling the riot, they also work to stop the League from killing any metahumans.
Batman is unable to stop Wonder Woman from killing the supervillain Von Bach, which increases the fury of the riot.
As conditions worsen, United Nations Secretary General Wyrmwood authorizes the deployment of three tactical nuclear warheads, hardened against metahuman powers.
In the middle of their fight, Batman and Wonder Woman see the incoming stealth bombers (piloted by the Blackhawk Squadron).
They break off fighting and manage to stop two bombs, but miss the third.
Captain Marvel uses his magic lightning bolt as a weapon against Superman repeatedly.
Superman manages to grab Marvel and allow the bolt to transform him into Billy.
Holding Batson's mouth shut, Superman tells him he is going to stop the remaining bomb, and Batson must make a choice: either stop Superman and allow the warhead to kill all the metahumans, or let Superman stop the bomb and allow the metahumans' war to engulf the world.
Superman tells Batson he must be the one to make this decision, as he is the only one who lives in both worlds, that of normal humans (as Batson) and the metahuman community (as Marvel).
Batson, his mind now clear of Luthor's influence, turns back into Captain Marvel.
He grabs Superman, flinging him back to the ground, and flies after the missile.
Marvel intercepts the missile and shouts "Shazam.
" three times in rapid succession, detonating the bomb prematurely, and killing Batson in the process.
Despite Marvel's sacrifice, most of the metahumans are obliterated in the explosion.
Superman is unharmed, but does not realize there are any other survivors.
Enraged at the tremendous loss of life, Superman flies to theN.
Building and threatens to bring it down atop the delegates as punishment for the massacre.
The surviving metahumans arrive, but Norman McCay is the one who talks him down, pointing out how his appearance and behavior are exactly the sort of reasons that normal humans fear the superpowered.
Superman immediately ceases his rampage.
He is handed Captain Marvel's cape, and tells theN.
that he will use his wisdom to guide, rather than lead, humankind.
Superman ties Captain Marvel's cape to a flagpole and raises it among the flags of the member nations of theN, suggesting that this role of guidance will be more political and global in nature than the classic crime-busting vigilantism of the past.
In the epilogue, the heroes strive to become fully integrated members of the communities.
Wonder Woman's exile from Paradise Island ends, and she becomes an ambassador for super-humanity, taking the survivors of the Gulag to Paradise Island for rehabilitation.
Batman abandons his crusade and becomes a healer, rebuilding his mansion as a hospital to care for those wounded by the destruction of the Gulag.
He reconciles with both Dick Grayson/Red Robin and his son Ibn al Xu'ffasch.
Superman begins the task of restoring the Midwestern farmlands devastated in Magog's attempt to capture the Parasite.
He comes to terms with his past as Clark Kent by accepting a pair of glasses from Wonder Woman, and shares a kiss with her before she returns to Paradise Island.
Norman McCay resumes pastorship of his congregation, preaching a message of hope for humanity.
Among the congregation is Jim Corrigan, the Spectre's human host.
The first additional scene (four pages) takes place at the end of the second part of the series, when Superman visits Orion on Apokolips wanting his advice for what to do with the captive rogue metahumans.
Orion initially offers to accept Superman's charges as exiles to Apokolips.
When Superman rejects that solution and claims he can learn nothing from Orion, Orion suggest Superman look to Scott Free and Big Barda for help.
Scott and Barda agree to assist Superman back on Earth.
The second additional scene is an eight-page-epilogue.
At Planet Krypton, a theme restaurant owned by Michael Jon Carter, Clark Kent and Diana Prince meet with Bruce Wayne to catch up with one another.
They tell Bruce they are expecting a child, but he deduces the news first.
Diana asks Bruce to serve as godfather.
He accepts after Clark tells Bruce he will provide a balancing influence to the child, adding that in spite of their differences over the years, he has always trusted Batman.
As they leave the restaurant, Bruce notices Norman and Jim Corrigan discussing the restaurant's "Spectre Platter" (a mild concoction of spinach and cottage cheese), much to Corrigan's irritation that this is how he is being remembered.
<EOS>
Set in the Toronto, Ontario neighbourhood of Kensington Market, the series is about Curtis (Don McKellar), a television addict who refuses to leave his apartment, and his friends Nathan (Daniel MacIvor), Hope (Molly Parker) and Newbie (Callum Keith Rennie).
McKellar was also one of the show's creators.
In the first episode, Nathan is sent to prison for killing a homeless man with a can of cat food.
The homeless man was played by Al Waxman, who had been the star of the 1970s sitcom King of Kensington, although the producers claimed that they did not intend for the homeless man to be seen as the same character.
Nathan remained in prison throughout the run of the series; the first episode of the second season opened with an Oz parody in which he criticized the hip hop-inspired slam poetry of his cellmate.
Throughout the series, Curtis and Hope's ongoing attempts to find a new roommate to replace Nathan provide one of the show's major plot threads.
In one episode, Curtis rents Nathan's room to a mysterious businessman who uses it to store drugged cookies, while in another, Hope unwittingly rents it to two Neo-Nazis she mistakes for a gay couple.
That episode includes a Nazi rally which features all four members of the rock band Sloan among the extras.
At the end of the episode, the two Nazi roommates renounce Nazism and promptly kiss each other, vindicating Hope's judgement.
Bruce McCulloch and Mark McKinney (both from The Kids in the Hall) also starred in the series as Rex Reilly, the Jerry Springer-like host of Curtis' favourite TV talk show.
McCulloch played Reilly in the first season, and McKinney played him in the second.
The change in Reilly's appearance is explained in his autobiography, Tyrannosaurus Rex, which refers to his "on-air cranium transplant".
Guest stars on the series included Jennifer Jason Leigh, Tom McCamus, Valerie Buhagiar, Charmion King, Kenneth Welsh, Hugh Dillon, Kim Mitchell, Stefan Brogren, John L'Ecuyer and Joyce DeWitt.
DeWitt plays herself as a guest on The Rex Reilly Show, meeting lookalikes in an episode devoted to the theme "I Look Like Joyce DeWitt".
<EOS>
Handsome young artist Quentin Collins arrives at his newly inherited estate of Collinwood with his beautiful wife Tracy.
They meet the housekeeper Carlotta Drake and the caretaker Gerard Stiles.
Quentin happens upon a 19th-century portrait of a blonde woman with captivating green eyes that seem to mesmerize him.
Carlotta informs him that the woman is Angelique, who had lived there over 100 years earlier.
The Collins's friends Alex and Claire Jenkins, who have co-written several successful horror novels, move into a cottage on the estate.
Quentin soon begins to be troubled by startling visions and haunting dreams about one of his ancestors, Charles Collins, and his ancestor's mistress Angelique—who had been hanged as a witch in a past century.
Carlotta eventually reveals to Quentin that she is the reincarnation of Sarah Castle, a little girl who had lived at Collinwood over 150 years ago, and that Quentin himself is the reincarnation of Charles Collins.
Charles had had an affair with Angelique, wife of his brother Gabriel, resulting in her being hanged—and Charles being sealed alive in the family crypt with Angelique's corpse.
On a trip to New York, the Jenkins's discover a painting of Charles Collins, which bears an uncanny resemblance to Quentin.
Convinced that their friends are in grave danger, the couple hurry home to Collinwood, where they are attacked by the ghost of Angelique.
Meanwhile, Quentin has become possessed by the spirit of Charles Collins, and attempts to drown Tracy in a disused swimming pool on the estate.
Alex and Claire arrive in time to revive her, but Quentin, having no memory of his actions, refuses to believe their wild tale.
Carlotta and Gerard conspire to eliminate Quentin's loved ones.
Quentin, seeing the scratches on his wrist where Tracy had tried to fend him off, realizes the truth of Alex's warning and rushes to rescue his friends.
Gerard has managed to take Tracy prisoner (despite his having been shot in the face by Claire), and Quentin fights with him high atop a train trestle.
Quentin defeats Gerard, who plunges to his death.
The group rush to confront Carlotta, but she jumps from the top of Collinwood when the ghostly Angelique beckons her from below.
In the end, Quentin and Tracy are about to leave Collinwood when Quentin goes back inside the house.
Tracy follows to find him now completely possessed by Charles Collins—and Angelique reborn in the flesh.
The camera freezes on Tracy's faces as she screams as Quentin and Angelique advance on her.
A newspaper caption at the end reveals that Alex and Claire Jenkins have been killed in a car accident.
Witnesses reported seeing a ghostly fog filling the car as it veered off the road.
<EOS>
Dr.
Anton Phibes was an expert in theology and music who was supposedly killed in a car crash in 1921, shortly after the death of his beloved wife, Victoria, during an operation.
However, he survived the crash, horribly scarred by the accident and left unable to speak, forcing him to remake his face with prosthetics and use his knowledge of acoustics to regain his voice.
Resurfacing in 1925, Phibes believes that his wife died a victim of incompetent doctors, and begins elaborate plans to kill them.
Phibes begins his quest for vengeance with the help of his beautiful and silent female assistant Vulnavia, using the ten plagues of Egypt as a basis, wearing an amulet with Hebrew letters corresponding with the appropriate plagues as he commits the murders.
After three doctors are killed, Inspector Trout, a detective from Scotland Yard, learns that they had all worked together under the direction of dr Vesalius, who reveals that all of the deceased had been on his team in Victoria's case, as well as four other doctors and a nurse.
When another murder is reported, Trout suspects Phibes is alive, and he and Vesalius go to the Phibes mausoleum at Highgate Cemetery.
They find ashes in a box in Phibes' coffin, which Trout believes are the remains of Phibes' chauffeur; Victoria's coffin is empty.
Despite all of the police's best efforts, Phibes is able to kill the remaining doctors and the nurse.
Reserving the final punishment for dr Vesalius, he kidnaps the doctor's son, Lem, then calls Vesalius and tells him to come alone to his mansion on Maldene Square if he wants to save his son's life.
Despite Trout's protests, Vesalius knocks the inspector unconscious and immediately races to Phibes' mansion, where he confronts the mad doctor.
Phibes has placed Vesalius' son under anesthesia and prepared him for surgery; a small key implanted near the boy's heart will unlock his restraints, but Vesalius must perform the surgery within six minutes (the same amount of time Victoria was on the operating table before her death) to get the key before acid from a container above Lem's head falls and destroys his face.
Vesalius succeeds and moves the table out of the way; Vulnavia, backing away from the police, is sprayed with the acid instead.
Convinced he has accomplished his vendetta, Phibes retreats to the basement of his house to lie in the stone sarcophagus containing the embalmed body of his wife.
He drains out his own blood and replaces it with embalming fluid as the coffin's inlaid stone lid slides into place, concealing them both in darkness.
Trout and the police arrive and discover that Phibes has mysteriously disappeared.
Trout and Vesalius recall that the "final curse" was darkness, and they speculate that they will encounter Phibes again.
<EOS>
The film is set in an Upper East Side apartment in New York City in the late 1960s.
Michael, a Roman Catholic sporadically employed writer and recovering alcoholic, is preparing to host a birthday party for his friend Harold.
Another of his friends, Donald, a self-described underachiever who has moved from the city, arrives and helps Michael prepare.
Alan, Michael's (presumably straight) old college roommate from Georgetown, calls with an urgent need to see Michael.
Michael reluctantly agrees and invites him to come over.
One by one, the guests arrive.
Emory is a stereotypical flamboyant interior decorator; Hank, a soon-to-be-divorced schoolteacher, and Larry, a fashion photographer, are a couple, albeit one with monogamy issues; and Bernard is an amiable black bookstore clerk.
Alan calls again to inform Michael that he won't be coming after all, and the party continues in a festive manner.
But, unexpectedly, Alan has decided to drop by after all, and his arrival throws the gathering into turmoil.
"Cowboy" — a hustler and Emory's "gift" to Harold — arrives.
As tensions mount, Alan assaults Emory and in the ensuing chaos Harold finally makes his grand appearance.
In the midst of the scuffle, Michael impulsively begins drinking again.
As the guests become more and more intoxicated, hidden resentments begin to surface, and the party moves indoors from the patio due to a sudden downpour.
Michael, who believes Alan is a closeted homosexual, begins a telephone game in which the objective is for each guest to call the one person whom he truly believes he has loved.
With each call, past scars and present anxieties are revealed.
Bernard reluctantly attempts to call the son of his mother's employer, with whom he'd had a sexual encounter as a teenager, while Emory calls a dentist on whom he'd had a crush while in high school.
Bernard and Emory immediately regret having made the phone calls.
Hank and Larry attempt to call one another (via two phone lines in Michael's apartment).
Michael's plan to "out" Alan with the game appears to backfire when Alan calls his wife, not the male college friend Justin Stewart whom Michael had presumed to be Alan's lover.
As the party ends and the guests depart, Michael collapses into Donald's arms, sobbing.
When he pulls himself together, it appears his life will remain very much the same.
<EOS>
Staff Sgt.
Raphael "Gingy" Moked is ordered by his company commander, Captain Shamgar, to retrieve Sergio Constanza, a deserter from reserve service.
On his way he meets his girlfriend Yaeli and offers to talk to her father, Victor Hasson, to get a blessing for their relationship.
Hasson gives his blessing, believing that Moked came for his older daughter Shifra, but throws him out of the house after finding out this was not so.
Yaeli does not wish to part from Moked, and sneaks into a suitcase in his jeep.
Meanwhile, Constanza tricks several other gamblers into losing thousands of dollars, which he intends to use to repay a debt to mr Hasson.
The gamblers find out about the plot however, which leaves Sergio with no choice but to run away to the army with Moked.
Moked and Constanza make it to a military camp in the Sinai, and mr Hasson follows them, posing as Constanza at the gate to get admission.
When he is not allowed into the base, he steals a loader (tractor) to break in.
Meanwhile, Moked finds out that Yaeli came with them, and Constanza comes up with a plot to make her an authorized visitor, by claiming that she is a singer/entertainer sent from the Education Corps.
mr Hasson arrives at the base with the loader, and is caught by the soldiers in a fishing net.
Shamgar reports the incident to the brigadier.
Shamgar then meets with Yaeli, who calls herself "Bule-Bule", in private and they start dancing African dances half-nude, as she attempts to persuade him that she's an entertainer.
As the brigadier is about to arrive, Moked releases mr Hasson, who is forced to temporarily reconcile with Constanza.
The brigadier finds Shamgar dancing alone and making noises, deems him insane, and takes him away in his helicopter, leaving Moked temporarily in command of the outpost.
It is discovered that mr Hasson is an excellent cook.
He transforms the military kitchen into a restaurant-like establishment, and then denies Constanza access.
In revenge, Constanza tricks Hasson into buying a plot of nearby desert land, which Hasson believes to be an oil field, from him as payment of the debt.
Constanza then tries to help Moked by matching one of the soldiers, Wasserman, with Yaeli's older sister, Shifra.
But when Shifra arrives at the base, she isn't impressed with Wasserman, but falls in love with Constanza instead.
Hasson leaves the base to catch fish for the soldiers' dinners, but accidentally crosses the border into Egypt and is taken captive by an Egyptian patrol.
While in captivity, Victor becomes friends with the Egyptian commanding officer, who grew up in the same area as him.
In the meantime, the Israeli soldiers plan a rescue mission to return the captured Hasson.
Although the mission, dubbed "Operation Waldheim" doesn't go as planned, Gingy and Constanza, posing as UN observers, succeed in returning Hasson and returning him to the base.
When Hasson returns to the base, he discovers that Sergio had conned him once again, and that the plot of land he bought from him wasn't really an oil field at all.
Out of nowhere, Capt.
Shamgar reappears, still searching for "Bule-Bule".
He falls into a pit dug by Hasson on the plot of land, causing an oil geyser to appear and revealing the presence of oil in the land after all.
The film ends with Hasson, Moked and Constanza, now his sons-in-law, selling the oil from the back of a truck in Tel Aviv, early in the morning.
<EOS>
Yu Miri (Esumi) is a writer who's just become pregnant by her married lover.
When she decides to keep the baby without his help, her ex-boyfriend Yutaka (Toyokawa), now struggling with terminal cancer, decides to help raise him, pledging to "live long enough to hear him say my name".
<EOS>
In twelfth century Europe, Philippe "The Mouse" Gaston is a thief facing execution who escapes from the dungeon of Aquila via the sewers, and flees to the countryside.
The corrupt Bishop of Aquila is furious because no one has ever escaped from his prison.
He sends his Captain of the Guard, Marquet, to hunt down Philippe.
At a country tavern, Philippe offers to buy a drink for anyone who will celebrate with him, for he is the only man to have seen the inside of Aquila's prisons and lived.
Unfortunately for him, Marquet and his men are drinking in disguise.
As they try to apprehend Philippe, they are foiled by a mysterious black knight who reveals himself to be their former Captain, Etienne of Navarre.
Marquet rides back to Aquila to warn the Bishop of Navarre's return.
The Bishop summons Cezar, the wolf trapper.
Navarre travels with a well-trained hawk.
He saved Philippe because of his boast about escaping from Aquila's dungeon and needs Philippe's unique knowledge to lead him inside Aquila to kill the Bishop.
That night, Philippe is saved from a murderer by an enormous black wolf.
He also encounters a beautiful blonde woman, who mysteriously greets the wolf as though they are old companions.
Navarre and the hawk are wounded by crossbows in another encounter with the Bishop's men.
Navarre sends the hawk with Philippe to the old monk Imperius to heal her.
At Imperius' ruined castle, Philippe places the hawk on a table.
When Isabeau appears in the hawk's place, with a crossbow arrow through her left breast, Philippe realizes that she is the hawk.
Imperius reveals that the hawk is a woman named Isabeau d'Anjou, who came to live in Aquila after her father, the Count of Anjou, died fighting in the Crusades.
All who saw her fell in love with her, including the Bishop, but Isabeau was already in love with Etienne, with whom she secretly exchanged vows.
Accidentally betrayed by their confessor, Imperius, they fled.
In his insane jealousy, the Bishop made a demonic pact to ensure that they would be "Always together; eternally apart".
By day Isabeau becomes a hawk, and by night Navarre becomes a wolf.
Neither has any memory of their half-life in animal form.
Only at dusk and dawn of each day can they see each other in human form for one fleeting moment, but they can never touch.
Imperius tells Navarre that the curse can be broken in two days at the castle, if both Navarre and Isabeau appear before the Bishop in their human form.
Navarre knows this is impossible, but Imperius insists that there will be a day without night and a night without day when the Bishop is taking the clergy's confessions in the cathedral.
Navarre dismisses Imperius as an old drunk.
He proceeds to Aquila intent on simply murdering the Bishop, knowing that will make the curse irrevocable.
Philippe, convinced by Imperius, joins with him to convince Isabeau; with all three ranged against him, Navarre agrees to their plan.
The next night, with Navarre in wolf form in a crude cage, Imperius and Isabeau enter Aquila through the main gate while Philippe swims in via the sewers, retracing his escape route.
Before his attack, Navarre orders Imperius to euthanize the hawk if he hears the church bells ring, because that will mean Navarre has failed and is dead.
Philippe infiltrates the clergy confession and unlocks the cathedral doors.
Navarre rides into the church and duels with Marquet.
During their bout, Marquet throws his helmet at Navarre and breaks a window.
As the duel continues, Navarre sees a solar eclipse through the broken window, reminding him of Imperius' plan to break the curse.
A guard rings the bells, and Navarre thinks that Imperius has killed the hawk.
In a rage, he kills Marquet.
He is just about to kill the Bishop as Isabeau appears in the cathedral.
Together, they stand before the Bishop, breaking the curse.
When the Bishop flies into a rage and attempts to kill Isabeau, Navarre throws his sword through the Bishop's chest.
Isabeau and Navarre embrace in the cathedral.
<EOS>
As told by Mary Shelley, Victor Frankenstein builds the creature in his laboratory through an ambiguously described scientific method consisting of chemistry (from his time as a student at University of Ingolstadt) and alchemy (largely based on the writings of Paracelsus, Albertus Magnus, and Cornelius Agrippa).
Frankenstein is disgusted by his creation, however, and flees from it in horror.
Frightened, and unaware of his own identity, the monster wanders through the wilderness.
He finds brief solace beside a remote cottage inhabited by a family of peasants.
Eavesdropping, the creature familiarizes himself with their lives and learns to speak, whereby he becomes eloquent, educated, and well-mannered.
The creature eventually introduces himself to the family's blind father, who treats him with kindness.
When the rest of the family returns, however, they are frightened of him and drive him away.
Hopeful but bewildered, the creature rescues a peasant girl from a river but is shot in the shoulder by a man who claims her.
He finds Frankenstein's journal in the pocket of the jacket he found in the laboratory, and swears revenge on his creator for leaving him alone in a world that hates him.
The monster kills Victor's younger brother William upon learning of the boy's relation to his hated creator.
When Frankenstein retreats to the mountains, the monster approaches him at the summit and asks his creator to build him a female mate.
In return, he promises to disappear with his mate and never trouble humankind again; the monster then threatens to destroy everything Frankenstein holds dear should he fail.
Frankenstein agrees and builds a female creature, but, aghast at the possibility of creating a race of monsters, destroys his experiment.
In response, the monster kills Frankenstein's best friend Henry Clerval, and later kills Frankenstein's bride Elizabeth Lavenza on their wedding night; whereupon Frankenstein's father dies of grief.
Frankenstein dedicates himself to destroying his creation.
Searching for the monster in the Arctic Circle, Frankenstein falls into the freezing water, contracting severe pneumonia.
A ship exploring the region encounters the dying Frankenstein, who relates his story to the ship's captain, Robert Walton.
Later, the monster boards the ship; but, upon finding Frankenstein dead, is overcome by grief and pledges to incinerate himself at "the Northernmost extremity of the globe".
He then departs, never to be seen again.
<EOS>
The game takes place in the parallel universes of magic-dominated Arcadia and industrial Stark.
The protagonist, April Ryan, is an 18-year-old art student living in Stark, identified as a 'Shifter' capable of movement between these worlds, and tasked with restoring their essential Balance.
The story begins in Stark, where a sleeping April unintentionally shifts to Arcadia and meets the 'White Dragon', who identifies her as the heroine of the coming story.
Upon learning this, April is attacked by a dark 'Chaos Vortex' and awakens in Stark, where she dismisses her experience as a nightmare.
The character 'Cortez' later surprises her by revealing his knowledge.
When surreal activity begins affecting her friends, April meets again with Cortez, who transports her to the Arcadian city Marcuria.
There she meets Tobias Grensret, Vestrum of the Sentinel; learns Alltongue, the common language in Arcadia; and hears from Tobias that the Balance protecting both worlds is dissolving after the dereliction of its Guardian, and must be restored by the appearance of another.
To return to Stark, April visits Brian Westhouse, a friend of Cortez, who assists her return; Cortez then tells her of the organization known as the Vanguard or Church of Voltec.
The next day, April consults Warren Hughes, a homeless boy who agrees to help April if she erases his criminal record and locates his missing sister, in doing which April finds a data cube on the Church of Voltec.
Hughes then refers her to a hacker named Burns Flipper, who reveals that the wealthy magnate Jacob McAllen is head of the Vanguard, assisted by Gordon Halloway, a former candidate for Guardianship divided by the Vanguard into Chaos (in Arcadia) and Logic (in Stark), and gives her a false identification by which to infiltrate the Vanguard through its front company MTI.
Meeting Cortez and Father Raul in a Catholic cathedral, April is told that Arcadia is on the brink of war.
Later in Arcadia, April meets the innkeeper, Benrime Salmin, and the clairvoyant Abnaxus, ambassador of the Venar, who identifies the coming danger.
In the morning, April learns of four magical species, each of whom has prophecies of a savior who will restore the Balance, only to finally break it - and determines to visit one such species, the winged Alatian of the island Alais, having gained sea-travel by rescuing a talking bird that she names Crow.
Before departing, she learns that she must defeat an alchemist named Roper Klacks, in order to free the ships' wind that he holds captive.
At Roper Klacks' Tower, April challenges Klacks to use his magic against her calculator, and wins.
Immediately before her departure to Alais, Tobias gives April the Talisman representing the Balance.
En route, April kills the monster known as 'Gribbler' while rescuing one of her captive Banda, whose species later give her the name 'April Bandu-embata' as a mark of gratitude and grant her part of the disc necessary to restore the Balance.
On the voyage to Alais, a 'Chaos Storm' attacks the ship, and April sabotages the ship's compass to restore its course.
When the ship's captain seizes her Talisman, April attempts to retrieve it, and in so doing sinks the ship, whereupon the crew abandon her on a raft.
She is taken prisoner by the Maerum, a Mermaid-like species related to the Alatian, but currently their enemies.
In revealing their common ancestry, April fulfills a prophecy of the 'Waterstiller', a foretold savior of the Maerum.
After fulfilling the second prophecy by killing a 'Snapjaw', she is conveyed to fulfill the third by re-uniting the Maerum with the Alatians.
After a series of tasks and in meeting with the Alatians' leader, April fulfills their prophecy by flying without wings, and convinces the Alatian to make peace with the Maerum.
In a coastal sea cave, the Teller's guard and the Maerum Queen bring stones which combine to form the second part of the Balance's disc; whereupon the Maerum convey April, at her own request, to the Blue Dragon, who gives April one of the disc's Jewels and takes her to a ship inhabited by the Dark People, who give April the third piece of the disc, and an astral map locating the Guardian's Realm.
At the Marcurian Harbor, April is attacked by the Chaos and returns to the Cathedral in Stark.
There, Father Raul reveals that he is also a Sentinel Minstrum of Stark, and that Cortez is missing.
On returning to her lodgings, April is caught by Gordon Halloway.
She is rescued by another character, Lady Alvane, who teaches April to shift at will, and sends April to Abnaxus to receive the disc's final piece.
April then returns to the White Dragon, who reveals herself as April's mother and dies, and a new White Dragon emerges from her egg.
Returned to Stark, April gives Flipper the star map to decipher, infiltrates MTI, and is captured by antagonist McAllen.
Unable to escape, she surrenders her two jewels and the disc, and is then imprisoned.
Upon escaping in pursuit of her object, she is trapped again; but rescued by Cortez.
McAllen then reveals that he and Cortez are two Dragons (called 'Draic Kin', in-universe) meant to protect Stark, but at odds after McAllen's decision to re-unite the two worlds despite the risk of Chaos.
The two then appear to die in combat.
Retrieving the disc and the four jewels, April returns to Flipper, whom she finds dying after the seizure of her deciphered map by Gordon Halloway, and gains a copy from him, which she uses to locate the Guardian's Realm near the space station 'Morning Star'.
At the station, April frees Adrian, the derelict Guardian, and escapes with Halloway in pursuit.
On her way to the Guardians' Tower, she imprisons the Chaos Vortex in her Talisman and later summons Crow, who helps her complete the necessary trials.
Inside the tower, April re-unites Halloway with the Chaos Vortex to restore his candidacy as Guardian and returns to Stark and Arcadia.
In the Epilogue, the scene returns to Lady Alvane’s home, where she has narrated the entire story to two youths, and where she reveals that the two worlds re-united under Gordon Halloway.
Upon their departure, an aged and graying Crow enters, asking the tale of the "warrior princess" who won the war of the Balance, and she corrects his impression; a possible reference to the sequel,.
<EOS>
Max Renn (James Woods) is the president of CIVIC-TV (Channel 83, Cable 12), a Toronto UHF television station specializing in sensationalistic programming.
Displeased with his station's current lineup (which mostly consists of softcore pornography and gratuitous violence), Max is looking for something that will break through to a new audience.
One morning, he is summoned to the clandestine office of Harlan (Peter Dvorsky), who operates CIVIC-TV's unauthorized satellite dish which can intercept broadcasts from as far away as Asia.
Harlan shows him Videodrome, a plotless television show apparently being broadcast out of Malaysia which depicts the brutal torture and eventual murder of anonymous victims in a reddish-orange chamber.
Believing this to be the future of television—(staged) snuff TV—Max orders Harlan to begin unlicensed use of the show.
Appearing on a talk show, Max defends his station's programming choices to Nicki Brand (Deborah Harry), a sadomasochistic psychiatrist and radio host, and Professor Brian O'Blivion (Jack Creley), a pop-culture analyst and philosopher who will only appear on television if his image is broadcast into the studio, onto a television, from a remote location.
O'Blivion delivers a speech prophesying a future in which television supplants real life.
Max dates Nicki, who is sexually aroused when he shows her an episode of Videodrome and coaxes him into having sex with her while they watch it.
Max goes once again to Harlan's office, where Harlan tells him that the signal delay which caused it to appear to be coming from Malaysia was a ploy by the broadcaster and that Videodrome is being broadcast out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Max tells Nicki this and she excitedly goes to Pittsburgh to try and audition for the show under the guise of a business trip, but never returns.
Max contacts Masha (Lynne Gorman), a softcore pornographer, and asks her to help him find out the truth about Videodrome.
Through Masha, Max learns that not only is the footage in Videodrome not faked, but it is the public "face" of a political movement.
Masha further informs him that O'Blivion knows about Videodrome.
Max tracks down O'Blivion's office to The Cathode Ray Mission, a mission where homeless people are provided food, shelter, and clothing, and encouraged to engage in marathon sessions of television viewing.
He discovers the mission is run by O'Blivion's daughter, Bianca (Sonja Smits), with the goal of helping to bring about her father's vision of a world in which television replaces every aspect of everyday life.
Later, Max views a videotape in which O'Blivion informs him that "the Videodrome" is a socio-political battleground in which a war is being fought for control of the minds of the people of North America.
Shortly thereafter, Max begins experiencing disturbing hallucinations in which his torso transforms into a gaping hole that functions as a VCR.
Bianca tells him these are side-effects from having viewed Videodrome, which carries a malicious broadcast signal that causes the viewer to develop a malignant brain tumour.
O'Blivion helped to create it as part of his vision for the future, but when he found out it was to be used for malevolent purposes, he attempted to stop his partners; they used his own invention to kill him.
In the year before his death, O'Blivion recorded tens of thousands of videos, which now form the basis of his television appearances.
Max is contacted by Videodromes producer, the Spectacular Optical Corporation, an eyeglasses company that acts as a front for a NATO weapons manufacturer.
The head of Spectacular Optical, Barry Convex (Leslie Carlson), has been secretly working with Harlan to get Max exposed to Videodrome and to have him broadcast it, as part of a conspiracy to morally and ideologically "purge" North America, giving fatal brain tumours to "lowlifes" fixated on extreme sex and violence.
Convex then inserts a brainwashing video tape into the "VCR" in Max's torso.
Under Convex's influence, Max murders his colleagues at CIVIC-TV, and later attempts to murder Bianca O'Blivion.
Bianca manages to stop Max by 'reprogramming' him to turn against Videodrome.
On her orders, Max kills Harlan and Convex.
Afterwards, Max takes refuge on a derelict boat in an abandoned harbor, where Nicki appears to him on a television.
She tells him he has weakened Videodrome, but in order to completely defeat it, he has to ascend to the next level and "leave the old flesh".
The television then shows an image of Max shooting himself in the head, which causes the set to explode, splattering the deck of the ship with bloody, human intestines.
Imitating what he has just seen on TV, Max says "Long Live the New Flesh", and then shoots himself.
<EOS>
Tom Baker is a football coach at a small rural college in Midland, Indiana, where he raised twelve children, and his wife, Kate, has written her story in a book and hopes to send it to her friend to publish the book.
Tom unexpectedly receives an offer from his old friend and football teammate, to coach at his alma mater in his hometown of Evanston, Illinois.
Tom accepts the offer, and demands all the children vote on moving.
Despite losing the vote, Tom has the entire family return to Evanston for a better home and space.
The atmosphere at the Bakers' new house is tense and the situation at school is even worse.
When her book is ready to pick up for publication, Kate is required to do a national book tour to promote it.
Tom thinks that he can handle everything in the family's household while Kate is away, so he decides to hire the family's oldest child, Nora, and her self-absorbed boyfriend, Hank, to manage the children.
When Nora and Hank arrive, the children plan to make Hank the target of their prank by soaking his underwear in meat and assisting the Bakers' pet dog, Gunther, to attack him by chewing his bottom, prompting him to refuse to assist in babysitting.
As a result, Nora drives off with Hank, while Tom lectures them for their prank.
After Kate departs for her book tour, Tom realizes that he cannot handle the children on his own after a chaotic night.
In reply to this revelation, Tom tries to hire a housekeeper, but nobody is willing to work with a family as large as the Bakers, so Tom decides to bring the football players from work into the family's house for game practicing in the living room to prepare for the Saturday night football game as the children perform chores and their household games.
However, the children start causing trouble at school.
Kate overhears from the children about the chaos and cancels the book tour to take charge of the situation.
Kate's publisher decides to create an additional promotion for her book by inviting Oprah Winfrey to tape a segment about the Bakers in their home instead.
Despite much coaching from Kate, the Bakers are not able to demonstrate the loving, strongly bonded family that Kate described in her book.
When Mark becomes upset that his pet frog has died, a heated fight erupts moments before the segment starts, leading the cameramen to call Winfrey to cancel it.
Mark runs away from home, prompting the Bakers to find him.
Tom indulges a hunch that Mark is trying to run back to the Bakers' old home, and eventually finds Mark on an Amtrak train departing from Chicago to Midland.
Reuniting with the rest of their family, the Bakers begin to address their issues with each other, and Tom ultimately resigns from his position at his alma mater with Shake.
<EOS>
Seth Brundle, a brilliant yet eccentric scientist, meets Veronica Quaife, a science journalist, at a press event.
He takes her back to his warehouse home and laboratory and shows her his invention: a set of "telepods" that allows instantaneous teleportation from one pod to another.
Brundle convinces Veronica to keep the invention a secret in exchange for exclusive rights to the story, and she begins to document his work.
Although the telepods can transport inanimate objects, they mutilate living tissue, as it is demonstrated when a baboon is turned inside-out during an experiment.
Seth and Veronica soon begin a relationship.
Their first sexual encounter inspires Brundle to reprogram the telepod computer to cope with living tissue, and he successfully teleports a second baboon with no apparent injuries.
Veronica departs before they can celebrate, and Seth worries that she is rekindling her relationship with her editor Stathis Borans; in reality, Veronica has left to confront Stathis about a veiled threat, spurred by his jealousy of Brundle, to publish the telepod story without her consent.
Demoralised, Brundle decides to teleport himself alone, unaware that a common housefly has slipped inside the transmitter pod with him.
After the teleportation, he emerges from the receiving pod seemingly normal.
Reconsidering whatever happened between them, Brundle and Veronica reconcile.
Some time later, he begins to exhibit what seems to be beneficial effects of teleportation such as increased strength, stamina, and sexual potency, which he believes is a result of the teleportation "purifying" his body.
He has sugar cravings and Veronica becomes concerned about Seth's insanity and strange, bristly hairs growing out of a recent wound on his back.
He becomes arrogant and violent, insisting that the teleportation process is beneficial, and tries to force Veronica to undergo teleportation.
When she refuses, he abandons her, goes to a bar and partakes in an arm-wrestling match, leaving his opponent with a compound fracture.
He meets a woman named Tawny and brings her back to his warehouse, where Veronica rescues her from teleportation.
Brundle throws Veronica out, but when his fingernails begin falling off, he realizes something went wrong during his teleportation.
He checks his computer's records and discovers that the telepod computer, confused by the presence of two lifeforms in the sending pod, merged him with the fly at the molecular-genetic level.
Brundle continues to deteriorate, losing body parts and becoming less human in appearance.
He reconnects with Veronica and theorizes that he is becoming "Brundlefly", a hybrid of human and insect.
He has begun vomiting digestive enzymes onto his food to dissolve it and has gained the ability to cling to walls and ceilings.
He realizes he is losing his human reason and compassion, and is now being driven by primitive impulses he cannot control.
Brundle installs a fusion program into the Telepod computer, planning to dilute the fly genes in his body with human DNA.
Veronica learns that she is pregnant following her recent sexual encounter with Brundle and has a nightmare of giving birth to a giant maggot.
She has Stathis persuade a doctor to perform an abortion in the middle of the night.
Having overheard their conversation, Brundle abducts Veronica before the abortion can take place and begs her to carry the child to term, since it may be the last remnant of his humanity.
Stathis breaks into Brundle's lab armed with a shotgun, but Brundle disfigures him with his special corrosive enzymes.
Brundle reveals his desperate plan to Veronica: he will use the telepods to fuse himself and Veronica, together with their unborn child, into one entity.
As Brundle drags her into one of the telepods, she accidentally rips off his lower jaw, triggering his final transformation into a monstrous hybrid of man and insect.
The Brundlefly creature traps Veronica inside the first telepod and enters the other.
The mortally wounded Stathis uses his shotgun to sever the cables connecting Veronica's telepod to the computer, allowing Veronica to escape.
Breaking out of its own pod just as the fusion process is activated, the Brundlefly creature is gruesomely fused with chunks of metal from the door and cabling of Telepod 2.
As the badly wounded Brundlefly/Telepod fusion creature crawls out of the receiving pod, it silently begs Veronica to end its suffering with the shotgun, and Veronica shoots it.
The film ends with Veronica lamenting over her lover's mangled remains.
<EOS>
Cold Lazarus is set in the 24th century, in a dystopian Britain where the ruined streets are unsafe, and where society is run by American oligarchs in charge of powerful commercial corporations.
Experiences are almost all virtual, and anything deemed authentic (such as coffee and cigarettes) has either been banned or replaced by synthetic substitutes.
At a cryonics research institute in London, funded by the pharmaceuticals tycoon Martina Masdon (played by Diane Ladd), a group of scientists led by dr Emma Porlock (Frances de la Tour) is working on reviving the mind of the 20th-century writer Daniel Feeld (Albert Finney), whose head was frozen after Feeld's death at the end of "Karaoke".
Unable to see any profit in the project, Masdon considers discontinuing it, but the media mogul David Siltz (Henry Goodman), who has been spying on Masdon, envisages making a fortune from broadcasting Feeld's memories on TV, and proposes to Porlock that her team work for him.
Porlock is unaware that a member of her team, Fyodor Glazunov (Ciarán Hinds) is a member of the resistance group RON (‘Reality Or Nothing’), which attempts to undermine the reliance of society upon advanced technology by carrying out violent attacks.
Glazunov identifies Kaya, another of Porlock's team, as a potential recruit to his superior Andrew Milton (David Foxxe), but Milton kills Kaya, believing her unsuitable.
Angered by Kaya's murder, Glazunov kills Milton.
Porlock then discovers the truth about Glazunov but, to distract him from the possibility of killing her, consults with him about the Siltz deal.
Glazunov approves of the broadcast of Feeld's memories, which he believes might provoke a revolt against the 'inauthentic' life propagated by the authorities.
It is shortly after this that Porlock accepts Siltz's offer, just as Masdon realises the potential of the Lazarus project.
As more of Feeld's thoughts and memories are unearthed, it becomes evident not only that Feeld's mind is conscious of its predicament, but also that Feeld is attempting to communicate with the scientists, and is pleading to be allowed to die.
At this point Glazunov, Porlock and Luanda Partington (another long standing member of the team) begin to doubt the morality of their project.
Another of their team, Watson, having been coerced into informing on his colleagues, unwittingly denounces Glazunov as a RON member and saboteur.
Having been warned, Glazunov heads for the laboratory to put Feeld out of his misery.
In the confrontation that ensues, Glazunov is able to kill Siltz, and, after a final communication with Feeld, he destroys the laboratory, Feeld's head, and himself, in the process.
<EOS>
The story takes place in Japan primarily during the late 1930s (Shōwa period).
The sisters live in the Kansai area (Kobe/Osaka) and travel to Tokyo and other prefectures throughout the novel.
<EOS>
The story is set over the course of two consecutive weekends in spring, and follows Kwame (Clarke), seventeen and straight, who is trying to reconcile his estranged fathers, Max (Beadle Blair) and Jordan (Collins).
He must contend with Max's insistence that he is over Jordan, and Jordan's new relationship with former military man Jonno.
Kwame is also trying to attract his love interest, Asha, and provide support to his two best friends: Dean (Keating), a talented footballer struggling with an abusive father and a crush on Max, and skater boy Bambi, trying unsuccessfully to secure a commitment from his older, on-off boyfriend, Robin.
Max's married friends Geri and Daniel descend into a bitter separation after Geri feels Daniel takes her for granted; she is later romanced by Asha's father, Tel.
Asha's best friend Jay (Lee) embarks on a new relationship with the enigmatic Flora, despite her own commitment issues.
Former drug addicts Peggy and Pablo struggle to adapt to a life of sobriety together - especially when Peggy gets back in touch with their dealer, Dean's brother Marlon (Fraser).
Max's sister Cindy finds her relationship with her partner Doris threatened by the reappearance of her first boyfriend, Gabriel.
Kwame's unstable birth mother, Hilly, deals with the death of her cat and reconnects with her estranged parents.
<EOS>
A narrator (Angus Scrimm) explains that when "God breathed life into the universe…the light gave birth to Angels…the earth gave birth to man.
the fire gave birth to the djinn, creatures condemned to dwell in the void between the worlds".
If a person wakes a djinn, that person will receive three wishes but the third wish will free legions of djinn on Earth.
In 1127, the djinn (Andrew Divoff) asks a Persian emperor to make his second wish.
When the emperor wishes to see wonders, the djinn uses his powers to torture and mutilate people in the palace.
The emperor is horrified, but the djinn tells him to use his third wish to set things right.
Before the emperor can make his third wish, Zoroaster (Ari Barak), a sorcerer, explains the consequences of the third wish and reveals a fire opal, which pulls the djinn inside and traps him.
In present-day America, Raymond Beaumont (Robert Englund) supervises workers lowering a box containing an antique statue of Ahura Mazda onto a ship.
The worker (Joseph Pilato) who is operating the crane is drunk and drops the box, killing Beaumont's assistant (Ted Raimi) and destroying the statue.
A dockworker steals the fire opal from the rubble and pawns it.
Eventually the jewel reaches Regal Auctioneers, where Nick Merritt (Chris Lemmon) instructs appraiser Alexandra "Alex" Amberson (Tammy Lauren) to examine it, which wakes the djinn.
Alex sees something inside the jewel and leaves it with her close friend and colleague, Josh Aickman (Tony Crane), to analyze.
As he is collecting data, the gem explodes, destroying the lab and releasing the djinn.
Josh is killed, upon his wish for relief from his physical pain.
Alex tracks the gem to the statue which she tracks to Beaumont, who sends Alex to visit Wendy Derleth (Jenny O'Hara), a folklore professor, who explains the history of the gem and the djinn.
Later, Alex learns that the djinn needs to power the gem with human souls and then grant her three wishes before he can open the gateway to release the djinn on Earth.
Meanwhile, the djinn takes the form of a dead man and uses the name Nathaniel Demerest.
He grants wishes in exchange for souls while he searches for Alex.
Each time the djinn grants a wish, Alex sees troubling visions.
She consults Derleth, but realizes that she is talking to the djinn, who has killed Derleth and taken her form.
The djinn confronts Alex and offers her three wishes, as well an extra "test" wish; she orders the djinn to kill itself.
He shoots himself in the head with a gun but his wound heals instantly, revealing the djinn as an immortal.
Using the first of the official three wishes, Alex wishes to know her opponent, the djinn.
He teleports her to his world within the gem which terrifies her.
She wishes herself back to her apartment, alone.
The Djinn had been threatening Alex's sister, Shannon (Wendy Benson), so Alex hurries to a party Beaumont invited them to earlier.
The djinn follows, again disguised as Nathaniel Demerest.
When Beaumont wishes his party would be unforgettable, the djinn causes artwork to kill the guests.
Eventually the djinn corners the sisters and attempts to scare Alex into making her third wish.
Alex wishes the crane operator, Mickey Torelli, had not been drunk at work, undoing the events that followed and trapping the djinn in the fire opal again.
The now sober crane operator lowers the crate with no problems.
Alex visits Josh—now alive again—who notices that Alex seems pleased with herself, though she does not explain why.
Inside the jewel on the statue of Ahura Mazda—now in Beaumont's private collection—the djinn waits on a throne, waiting to be released.
<EOS>
Peterson, a crew member of a spaceship loading up with food animals on Mars, buys an enormous pig-like creature known as a "wub" from a native just before departure.
Franco, his captain, is worried about the extra weight but seems more concerned about its taste, as his ship is short of food.
However, after takeoff, the crew realizes that the wub is a very intelligent creature, capable of telepathy and maybe even mind control.
Peterson and the wub spend time discussing mythological figures and the travels of Odysseus.
Captain Franco, paranoid after an earlier confrontation with the Wub which left him paralyzed, bursts in and insists on killing and eating the wub.
The crew becomes very much opposed to killing the sensitive creature after it makes a plea for understanding, but Franco still makes a meal out of him.
At the dinner table, Captain Franco apologises for the "interruption" and resumes the earlier conversation between Peterson and the Wub - which now has apparently taken over the Captain's body.
<EOS>
After having led numerous military battles against the English during the Hundred Years' War, Joan of Arc is captured near Compiegne and eventually brought to Rouen, Normandy to stand trial for heresy by French clergymen loyal to the English.
On 30 May 1431 Joan is interrogated by the French clerical court.
Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast.
One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her.
The authorities then resort to deception.
A priest reads a false letter to the illiterate prisoner supposedly from King Charles VII of France, telling her to trust in the bearer.
When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her.
When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession.
However, the judge then condemns her to life imprisonment.
As the jailer shaves her head, she realises she has been unfaithful to God.
She demands that the judges return and she recants her confession.
As more and more around her begin to recognise her true faith and calling she is permitted a final communion mass.
She is then dressed in sack-cloth and taken to the place of execution.
She helps the executioner tie her bonds.
The crowds gather and the fire is lit.
As the flames rise the women weep and a man cries out "you have burned a saint".
The troops prepare for a riot.
As the flames consume Joan the troops and crowd clash and people are killed.
Joan is consumed by the flames but they protect her soul as it rises to heaven.
<EOS>
Lulu (Louise Brooks) is the mistress of a respected, middle-aged newspaper publisher, dr Ludwig Schön (Fritz Kortner).
One day, she is delighted when an old man, her "first patron", Schigolch (Carl Goetz), shows up at the door to her apartment.
However, when Schön also arrives, she has Schigolch hide on the terrace.
Schön breaks the news to Lulu that he is going to marry Charlotte von Zarnikow (Daisy D'ora), the daughter of the Minister of the Interior.
Lulu tries to get him to change his mind, but when he discovers the disreputable-looking Schigolch, he leaves.
Schigolch introduces Lulu to Rodrigo Quast (Krafft-Raschig), who wants her to join his new trapeze act.
The next day, Lulu goes to see her best friend Alwa (Francis Lederer), who happens to be Schön's son.
Schön is greatly displeased to see her, but comes up with the idea to have her star in his son's musical production to get her off his hands.
However, Schön makes the mistake of bringing Charlotte to see the revue.
When Lulu refuses to perform in front of her rival, Schön takes her into a storage room to try to persuade her otherwise, but she seduces him instead.
Charlotte finds them embracing.
A defeated Schön resigns himself to marrying Lulu.
While the wedding reception is underway, he is disgusted to find Lulu playfully cavorting with Schigolch and Quast in the bedchamber.
He gets his pistol and threatens to shoot the interlopers, but Lulu cries out not to, that Schigolch is her father.
Schigolch and Quast thus escape.
Once they are alone, Schön insists his new wife take the gun and shoot herself.
When Lulu refuses, the gun goes off in the ensuing struggle, and Schön is killed.
At her murder trial, Lulu is sentenced to five years for manslaughter.
However, Schigolch and Quast trigger a fire alarm and spirit her away in the confusion.
When Alwa finds her back in the Schön home, he confesses his feelings for her and they decide to flee the country.
Countess Augusta Geschwitz (Alice Roberts), herself infatuated with Lulu, lets the fugitive use her passport.
On the train, Lulu is recognized by another passenger, Marquis Casti-Piani (Michael von Newlinsky).
He offers to keep silent in return for money.
He also suggests a hiding place, a ship used as an illegal gambling den.
After several months however, Casti-Piani sells Lulu to an Egyptian for his brothel, and Quast blackmails Lulu for financing for his new act.
Desperate for money to pay them off, Alwa cheats at cards, but is caught at it.
Lulu turns to Schigolch for help.
He has Geschwitz lure Quast to a stateroom, where she murders him.
Schigolch, Lulu, and Alwa then flee.
They end up living in squalor in a drafty London garrett.
On Christmas Eve, driven to prostitution, Lulu has the misfortune of picking a remorseful Jack the Ripper (Gustav Diessl) as her first client.
Though he protests he has no money, she likes him and invites him to her lodgings anyway.
Schigolch drags Alwa away before they are seen.
Jack is touched and secretly throws away his knife.
Inside, however, he spots another knife on the table and cannot resist his urges.
Unaware of Lulu's fate, Alwa deserts her, joining a passing Salvation Army parade.
Plot notes.
<EOS>
Two boys, one French and the other German, are playing marbles near the border between the two countries.
When the game is over, both boys claim to have won, and complain that the other is trying to steal their marbles.
Their fathers, border guards, come and separate the boys.
In 1919, at the end of World War I the border between France and Germany changes, and an underground mine is split in two, with a gate dividing the two sections.
An economic downturn and rising unemployment adds to tension between the two countries, as German workers seek employment in France but are turned away, since there are hardly enough jobs for French workers.
In the French part of the mine fires break out, which they try to contain by building many brick walls, with the bricklayers wearing breathing apparatus.
The Germans continue to work on their side, but start to feel the heat from the French fires.
Three German miners visit a French dance hall and one of them almost provokes a fight when Francoise (Andree Ducret), a young French woman, refuses to dance with him.
The rejected miner thinks its because he's German, but it's actually because she's tired.
She and her boyfriend, Emile (Georges Charlia), a miner, leave, and she expresses her distress over the stories about fires and explosions in the mine.
The next morning, he stops in to say goodbye to her before she leaves for Paris, then he and her brother, Jean (Daniel Mendaille), another miner, leave for work.
The fire gets out of control, causing an explosion that traps many French miners.
In response, Wittkopp (Ernst Busch) appeals to his bosses to send a rescue team.
As they ride out of town to help, the leader of the German rescue effort explains to his wife that the French are men with women and children and he would hope that they would come to his aid in similar circumstances.
The trio of German miners breaks through the gate that marks the 1919 border.
On the French side, an old retired miner (Alex Bernard) sneaks into the shaft hoping to rescue his young grandson (Pierre-Louis).
The Germans successfully rescue the French miners, not without difficulties.
After all the survivors are rescued, there's a big party with speeches about friendship between the French and Germans.
French officials then rebuild the mining gate, and things return to the way they were before the disaster and rescue.
<EOS>
This story alternates between the point of view of Terpsichore Melpomene Murray ("Teri"), an ecoprospector who's approaching adulthood on Mars and seeks to follow in her father's footsteps, and the unnamed psychiatrist who is listening to her story.
Several decades earlier, refugees from Earth fled to join a pre-existing human colony on Mars to escape the domination of One True, a massively parallel/cellular automata program that runs on the interconnected brains of most of the human beings on Earth; the program in the individual human brain is called Resuna, probably a contraction from the Latin for One Thing.
If a human mind has a copy of Resuna, it may remain dormant until a human speaks the trigger phrase let overwrite, let override.
The first half of the novel is mostly backstory in Teri's voice, leading up to the day when she passed her test for "full adulthood", a legal status that can apparently be reached at any age by passing an educational and psychiatric exam, which gives her the right to marry, hold property, vote, and so forth.
Teri hopes to be an ecospector (eco-prospector) like her father Telemachus, living on the surface in a pressure suit most of the time; but because in the last generation the colonists decided to forgo terraforming Mars to suit human life and instead adapt humans to suit the Martian environment, the future of ecospecting doesn't look good to Telemachus; he thinks the future of Mars is with the "Nations" of Mars-formed humans.
It's estimated that modifying people can be done in just two to three generations, whereas terraforming Mars might take thousands of years.
Thus he wants her to get an advanced degree and go into some always-needed occupation like science or medicine.
When they strike a "scorehole", a very large deposit of methane and water, their fortune seems assured, and Teri expects to marry the boy she has been courting; when it turns out he has married someone else, she grumpily agrees to one more year of school at least, and she and Telemachus take on the job of shepherding a group of younger children to the school at Red Sands City.
While the party are in the roundings (the frontier, bush, or outback—possibly from "surroundings" or "roundabouts".
) a major solar flare occurs, and because Mars' thin atmosphere and weak magnetic field provide less protection against high-energy particles than on Earth, this event overloads many electronics systems on Mars, as well as damaging the "exosuit" (space suit) systems of many people who are outdoors and otherwise unprotected, so that several members of the party are killed, including Telemachus.
Furthermore, the GPS-like navigation system Teri has used all her life is permanently down.
Teri and Alik, a boy in the party, re-invent celestial navigation and reach the nearest railhead, where there is a working phone, only to find that the disaster is planetwide and help will not be coming soon.
Worse yet, a group of Marsform humans are stranded farther up the track and in danger of starving due to their ultrafast metabolisms.
Despite her bigotry against the Nations, Teri tries to take food to them in a backpack, but collapses and breaks her leg.
A mysterious voice on her suit radio soothes and comforts her, takes over her body, and causes her to wreck her body getting food to the Marsforms; she has been taken over by Resuna.
We now learn why the psychiatrist himself has been listening to her story; they are recording it so she can have some idea of what happened in the big gaps he is going to create in her memory while erasing Resuna.
He himself has had this process twice.
Further, we learn that this is all information from the past, that in fact he has been re-infected with Resuna, and so has Teri, and that they will both lose all memory of each other and of the many events, including much of her last memories of her father.
So although they have been close friends, in the last chapter they are re-introduced to each other for the first time.
The novel ends with their working as ecospecting partners, as Mars rebuilds.
<EOS>
Violent J takes on the role of this story's version of Dorothy, making his way through this strange new land to get back to his home.
Along the way, he meets the Scarecrow (Twiztid's Monoxide), who only needs somebody to smoke with, the Tin Man (Twiztid's Jamie Madrox), who wants a "gat", and the Lion (Blaze Ya Dead Homie), who wants some "hoes".
Anybody Killa has a brief cameo as a guard in the Wizard's palace as well as fellow Insane Clown Posse member Shaggy 2 Dope appears as the Wizard.
<EOS>
It is a semi-fictional chronicle of the lengthy 1938 "retirement game" of Go by the respected master Honinbo Shūsai, against the up-and-coming player Minoru Kitani (although the latter's name is changed to Otaké in the book).
It was the last game of the master Shūsai's career, a lengthy struggle which took almost six months to complete; he narrowly lost to his younger challenger, to die a little over a year thereafter.
<EOS>
The first three episodes begin with third year secondary school girl Marcie and her two fifth year friends Tom and Reet becoming suspicious of the sinister Mr Eldritch, whose computer company arrives at the school and distributes free computers to all the pupils.
With the reluctant help of their teacher Miss Maitland they apparently defeat the threat of Eldritch, who disappears.
However, the second three episodes tell of the actions of Miss Pendragon, who works for Eldritch and is attempting to revive the massive, secret Behemoth computer from its long-hidden location beneath the school.
At the end of the BBC novelisation, there are indications that Davies had ideas or interest in a potential third adventure using the same characters.
A single paragraph describing the opening of an amusement arcade concludes with ".
but that's another story".
<EOS>
Hercules, at Olympus, berates his father Zeus for not allowing him to leave the gods' abode to adventure on earth.
Eventually Zeus sends Hercules, on a beam, to the land of men.
After some strange encounters in the air and at sea, Hercules arrives in New York City, where hilarity ensues in the form of interactions with various New Yorkers, who regard him as physically superior but socially awkward.
He meets a skinny little guy called Pretzie (Arnold Stang).
Hercules becomes a successful professional wrestler.
Zeus, watching Hercules from the heights, becomes irritated with Hercules' antics, which he feels are making a mockery of the gods, and calls on Mercury to stop Hercules.
After Mercury makes an unsuccessful attempt to bring Hercules home, Zeus orders Nemesis to see to it that Hercules is consigned to the infernal regions ruled over by Pluto.
However, Juno instead convinces Nemesis to poison Hercules with a poison that would strip him of his divinity and then talk to Pluto.
Nemesis informs Pluto of what is happening and he bets a large sum of money against Hercules in an upcoming strongman competition with Hercules' gangster manager.
When Hercules loses the strongman competition his friends try to lead off Hercules' angry manager's henchmen, but Hercules follows them to save them.
Meanwhile, Zeus uncovers the truth from Nemesis as to what is happening but only intervenes at the last minute to restore Hercules' divinity, not wanting any son of his to die at the hands of a mortal.
Hercules defeats the gangsters and realizes that he has been disobedient and returns to the heavens shortly after, only saying good-bye to Pretzie over a radio after he leaves.
In the heavens, Zeus tells Juno and Hercules that he is not going to punish Hercules for his behavior as they ask him about it and then asks to be left alone.
They leave him alone, and upon their departure, Zeus sneaks out of the heavens and descends to earth, scaring a passenger jet on his way down.
<EOS>
In 17th Century France, Cardinal Richelieu is influencing Louis XIII in an attempt to gain further power.
He convinces Louis that the fortifications of cities throughout France should be demolished to prevent Protestants from uprising.
Louis agrees, but forbids Richelieu from carrying out demolitions in the town of Loudun, having made a promise to its Governor not to damage the town.
Meanwhile, in Loudun, the Governor has died, leaving control of the city to Urbain Grandier, a dissolute and proud but popular and well-regarded priest.
He is having an affair with a relative of Father Canon Mignon, another priest in the town; Grandier is, however, unaware that the neurotic, hunchbacked Sister Jeanne des Anges (a victim of severe scoliosis who happens to be abbess of the local Ursuline convent), is sexually obsessed with him.
Sister Jeanne asks for Grandier to become the convent's new confessor.
Grandier secretly marries another woman, Madeleine De Brou, but news of this reaches Sister Jeanne, driving her to jealous insanity.
When Madeleine returns a book by Ursuline foundress Angela Merici that Sister Jeanne had earlier lent her, the abbess viciously attacks her with accusations of being a "fornicator" and "sacrilegious bitch," among other things.
Baron Jean de Laubardemont arrives with orders to demolish the city, overriding Grandier's orders to stop.
Grandier summons the town's soldiers and forces Laubardemont to back down pending the arrival of an order for the demolition from King Louis.
Grandier departs Loudun to visit the King.
In the meantime, Sister Jeanne is informed by Father Mignon that he is to be their new confessor.
She informs him of Grandier's marriage and affairs, and also inadvertently accuses Grandier of witchcraft and of possessing her, information that Mignon relays to Laubardemont.
In the process, the information is pared down to just the claim that Grandier has bewitched the convent and has dealt with the Devil.
With Grandier away from Loudon, Laubardemont and Mignon decide to find evidence against him.
Laubardemont summons the lunatic inquisitor Father Pierre Barre, a "professional witch-hunter," whose interrogations actually involve depraved acts of "exorcism", including the forced administration of enemas to his victims.
Sister Jeanne claims that Grandier has bewitched her, and the other nuns do the same.
A public exorcism erupts in the town, in which the nuns remove their clothes and enter a state of "religious" frenzy.
Duke Henri de Condé (actually King Louis in disguise) arrives, claiming to be carrying a holy relic which can exorcise the "devils" possessing the nuns.
Father Barre then proceeds to use the relic in "exorcising" the nuns, who then appear as though they have been cured – until Condé/Louis reveals the case allegedly containing the relic to be empty.
Despite proof to the contrary, both the possessions and the exorcisms continue unabated, eventually descending into a massive orgy in the church in which the disrobed nuns remove the crucifix from above the high altar and sexually assault it.
In the midst of the chaos, Grandier and Madeleine return and are immediately arrested.
After being given a ridiculous show trial, Grandier is shaven and tortured – although at his execution, he eventually manages to convince Mignon that he is innocent.
The judges, clearly under orders from Laubardemont, sentence Grandier to death by burning at the stake.
Laubardemont has also obtained permission to destroy the city's fortifications.
Despite pressure on Grandier to confess to the trumped-up charges, he refuses, and is then taken to be burnt at the stake.
His executioner promises to strangle him rather than let him suffer the agonising death by fire that he would otherwise experience, but the overzealous Barre starts the fire himself, and Mignon, now visibly panic-stricken about the possibility of Grandier's innocence, pulls the noose tight before it can be used to strangle the priest.
As Grandier burns, Laubardemont gives the order for explosive charges to be set off and the city walls are blown up, causing the revelling townspeople to flee.
After the execution, Barre leaves Loudun to continue his witch-hunting activities elsewhere in the southwest of France.
Laubardemont informs Sister Jeanne that Mignon has been put away in an asylum for claiming that Grandier was innocent (the explanation given is that he is demented), and that "with no signed confession to prove otherwise, everyone has the same opinion".
He gives her Grandier's charred femur and leaves.
Sister Jeanne, now completely broken, masturbates pathetically with the bone.
Madeleine, having been released, is seen walking over the rubble of Loudun's walls and away from the ruined city as the film ends.
<EOS>
Solek (a nickname for Solomon, also called "Solly") and his family live in Nazi Germany.
On the eve of Solek's bar mitzvah, Kristallnacht occurs.
He escapes, naked, then hiding in a barrel.
At night, he calls his acquaintance to bring him clothes from his house.
She refuses, but throws him a leather jacket with a swastika band on its arm.
He comes back home.
His family is together at home, but his sister is killed by Nazis.
The father, who was born in Łódź, Poland, decides to go back there.
The Perel family (Solek, his parents, his two brothers, David and Isaak) decides to move to Łódź, central Poland, where the family believes it will be safe.
Solly causes criminal damage and the police are called.
Living in Łódź, Solly meets Kasia, a cashier working in a cinema.
Thanks to her, Solly can go to the cinema without paying for tickets.
Later, they establish a romantic relationship.
However, less than a year later, World War II begins with Germany invading the western Polish borders.
Solly is happy that the criminal case will be forgotten, since the police will have more important issues to solve.
Solek's family decides he and his brother should leave for the European East.
Solek meets hysterically upset Kasia, but his brother separates them.
Isaak and Solek flee, towards the eastern border of Poland, which soon has been invaded by the Soviet Union.
(In an ironic scene, as Solek and other Jewish refugees cross a river in a small boat, while a boat carrying Polish refugees fleeing the Soviets passes in the opposite direction, Solomon explains in an internal monologue that the Jews, fearing Nazi persecution, fled toward the Soviets, while the Poles, who feared the Soviets more, fled toward the Germans) The brothers are separated and Solek is placed in a Soviet orphanage in Grodno with other Polish refugee children.
Solek lives in the orphanage for two years, where he joins the Komsomol and receives Communist education.
Being a teenager, he has a romantic interest in Inna, a young and attractive instructor who defends him when the authorities at school discover that his class origin is bourgeois.
He even climbs outside the building to watch her in her bedroom.
One scene features a Russian version of the German Communist song Dem Morgenrot Entgegen ("Towards The Dawn") before mail call, where Solek receives a letter from his parents who have been re-settled in a ghetto.
Then, with the crash of a bomb, Germany invades the Soviet Union.
The orphanage is evacuated, but Solek is left behind, to be found by German soldiers.
Solek gets rid of his identity papers, and tells the Germans he is "Josef Peters", a Volksdeutscher (ethnic German) from a Baltic German family in Latvia.
Although he does not respond to his made up name, the soldiers deduce that he was in the orphanage because his parents were killed by the Soviets, and promise him vengeance.
When the unit captures Yakov Dzhugashvili, the son of Joseph Stalin, with Solly's help translating Russian, they declare "Jupp" to be their "good-luck charm", and adopt him as an auxiliary.
Thanks to his fluent German and Russian, he becomes their cultural guide and interpreter.
He accompanies the unit for several weeks, and sees all the horrors of war, including murdered civilians, as the Germans seek to crush Soviet resistance.
Nonetheless, Solek is still in danger.
He cannot let anyone see him bathing, because his circumcised penis would expose "Jupp" as a Jew.
Robert, one of the soldiers, identifies as homosexual, and sneaks in on "Jupp" when he finally manages a private bath.
Solek rejects Robert's advances.
However, knowing that both of them have secrets the Nazis would kill them for, they become close friends.
Then a bizarre combat incident occurs.
Robert is killed and Solek, left alone, tries to get to the Soviet lines.
As he crosses a bridge, the unit charges across behind him, and the Soviet troops there surrender.
"Jupp" is hailed as a hero.
The company commander decides that "such a fine young German" should be properly educated.
He is childless himself, so he tells "Jupp" that he will adopt him and that "Jupp" will be sent to the elite Hitler Youth Academy in Berlin where he is to receive Nazi education.
(This is much to Solek's consternation, but of course he cannot refuse)  He is escorted for much of the trip by Rosemarie, a middle-aged female Nazi official.
Rosemarie thinks "Jupp" resembles Hitler, and observes that he even has the same birthday.
On the train, she makes "Jupp" have sex with her, crying out "Mein Führer.
" as they have intercourse.
At the school, "Peters" is introduced to the other boys as a heroic combat veteran.
The problem of concealing his circumcision continues, and Solek uses string and rubber bands in various painful ways to simulate a foreskin.
He evades a medical examination by pretending to have a violent toothache, and then must endure having the dentist pull it without anesthetic.
Girls from the Bund Deutscher Mädel (League of German Girls, the female equivalent of the Hitler Youth) serve meals at the Academy.
Leni, one of these girls, becomes infatuated with "Jupp", but he dares not take advantage - Leni is a fervent Nazi and even speaks of wanting to kill Jews.
Leni strongly hints that she would happily bear "Jupp"'s child, but after a particularly venomous anti-Jewish remark he refuses any intimacy.
She calls him a Schlappschwanz ("limp-dick"), and they break off.
A less serious threat is the visit to the Academy of a Nazi "expert" in "racial science", who claims particular skill in detecting Jews.
The Nazi selects "Jupp" as his subject for a demonstration, and carefully measures his head and face.
He then calculates "Jupp"'s anthropometric indexes, and pronounces him mixed but "pure Aryan stock", to Jupp's relieved surprise.
Soon after, while working in a factory for the war effort, Jupp and his classmates learn that the Sixth Army has fallen at Stalingrad.
After several months without seeing Leni, Solek visits Leni's mother, who does not sympathize with the Nazis.
She tells him Leni is pregnant and intends to "give the child to the Führer", in the Lebensborn program.
Solek realizes that the child's father is his best friend and classmate Gerd.
When Leni's mother presses Josef on his identity, he breaks down and confesses that he is a Jew; she tells him that she suspected that and promises not to betray him.
Leni never finds out.
Solek's pretense is nearly exposed when the Gestapo investigates "Jupp"'s supposed parentage.
He is summoned to Gestapo offices, but cannot show a Certificate of Racial Purity, which he claims is in Grodno.
The Gestapo official says he will send for it, and then rants about how the war will be won by Hitler's Wunderwaffen ("wonder weapons").
As Solek leaves, the building is destroyed by Allied bombs.
Solek's relief is tempered by Gerd's death in the bombing.
As Soviet troops close in on Berlin, the Hitler Youth at the school are sent to the front.
There Solek manages to surrender.
His captors refuse to believe that he is a Jew.
"If you're a Jew, why don't you look like this.
Look.
" demands a Soviet officer as he shows Solek photos of murdered Jews from the death camps they had liberated.
Jupp had not been aware this was going on.
They are about to have Solek shot by an elderly Communist political prisoner (wearing a red triangle on his camp uniform) when Solek's brother Isaak, just released from a concentration camp, identifies Solek and saves him.
Before leaving the camp, Isaak tells Solek to never reveal his story to anyone, saying it would never be believed.
He is released shortly thereafter and emigrates to the British Mandate of Palestine, the future state of Israel, where he embraces his Jewish heritage.
The films ends with the real Solomon Perel, as an old man, singing a Jewish folk song taken from the Book of Psalms ("Hine Ma Tov," Psalm 133:1).
<EOS>
Three boys, Jimmy Markum, Sean Devine, and Dave Boyle, play hockey in a Boston street in 1975.
Spotting wet concrete, they start writing their names into it when a car pulls up and two men, pretending to be police officers, get out, berate the boys for their actions, and tell Dave to get into the car.
The men hold Dave captive and sexually abuse him for four days, until he escapes.
Twenty-five years later, the boys are grown and, while they still live in Boston, have drifted apart.
Jimmy is an ex-con running a neighborhood store, while Dave is a blue-collar worker, still haunted by his abduction.
The two are still neighbors and related by marriage.
Jimmy's 19-year-old daughter Katie is secretly dating Brendan Harris, a boy Jimmy despises.
She and Brendan are planning to run away together to Las Vegas.
Katie goes out for the night with her girlfriends and Dave sees her at a local bar.
That night, Katie is murdered, and Dave comes home with an injured hand and blood on his clothes, which his wife Celeste helps him clean up.
Dave claims he fought off a mugger, "bashed his head into the concrete", and possibly killed him.
Sean, now a detective with the Massachusetts State Police, investigates Katie's murder.
His pregnant wife, Lauren, has recently left him.
Over the course of the film, Sean and his partner, Sergeant Whitey Powers, track down leads while Jimmy conducts his own investigation using his neighborhood connections.
Sean discovers that the gun used to kill Katie was also used in a liquor store robbery during the 1980s by "Just Ray" Harris, the father of Katie's boyfriend.
Harris has been missing since 1989, but Brendan claims he still sends his family $500 every month.
Brendan also feigns ignorance about Ray's gun but Sean believes it was still in the house.
Sergeant Powers suspects Dave as a possible perpetrator because he was one of the last people to see Katie alive.
He also has a wounded hand and, although he continues to tell his wife he got it while being mugged, he tells the police a different story – soon Jimmy becomes suspicious of it.
Dave continues to behave strangely, which upsets his wife to the point she is afraid he will hurt her.
While Jimmy and his associates conduct their investigation, Dave's wife eventually tells Jimmy about Dave's behavior, the bloody clothing, and her suspicions.
Jimmy and his friends get Dave drunk at a local bar.
When Dave leaves the bar, the men follow him out.
Jimmy tells Dave that he shot "Just Ray" Harris at that same location for ratting him out and sending him to jail.
Jimmy informs Dave that his wife thinks he murdered Katie and tells Dave he will let him live if he confesses.
Dave repeatedly tells Jimmy that he did kill someone but it was not Katie: he beat a child molester to death after finding him having sex with a child prostitute in a car.
Jimmy does not believe Dave's claim and threatens him with a knife.
When Dave finally admits to killing Katie thinking he can escape with his life, Jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent Mystic River.
While Dave is being killed, Brendan (having found out about his father's gun during questioning) confronts his younger brother Ray Jr.
and his brother's friend John about Katie's murder.
He beats the two boys and threatens to kill them if they do not admit their guilt, but when John takes the gun and is about to shoot him, Sean and Powers arrive just in time to stop it.
The next morning, Sean tells Jimmy the police have Katie's murderers – who have confessed.
She was killed by Brendan's brother, "Silent Ray" Harris, and his friend John O'Shea in a violent prank gone wrong: The kids got hold of Just Ray's gun and saw a car coming which happened to be Katie's.
John aimed the gun just to scare her but the gun went off by accident.
The car veered onto the curb and Katie got out and ran into the park.
Silent Ray and John pursued her so she wouldn't tell anyone.
The beating Katie received was from Silent Ray, who had a hockey stick.
Once she was beaten, John shot her again, killing her.
Sean asks Jimmy if he has seen Dave, because he is wanted for questioning in another case, the murder of a known child molester.
A distraught Jimmy thanks Sean for finding his daughter's killers, but says, "if only you had been a little faster".
Sean asks Jimmy if he's going to "send Celeste Boyle $500 a month too.
"   Sean reunites with his wife and his daughter Nora, after apologizing for "pushing her away".
Jimmy goes to his wife, Annabeth and confesses.
She comforts him and tells him he is a king and kings always make the right decision.
At a town parade, Sean sees Jimmy, and mimics shooting him, to let Jimmy know he is watching.
<EOS>
Fatal Fury and its sister series, Art of Fighting, are set in the same fictional universe.
Art of Fighting took place several years prior to the first Fatal Fury.
(This is established in Art of Fighting 2, which features a younger long-haired Geese Howard as the game's secret final boss and the true mastermind behind the events of the first Art of Fighting) The two series are set primarily in the same fictional city of "South Town".
Fatal Fury: Wild Ambition likewise features the cast from the series that are featured in The King of Fighters (KOF) series, with many of the more popular characters from Fatal Fury and Art of Fighting games transferred to The King of Fighters as they were introduced.
It should be noted that the KOF series ignores the continuity established in the Fatal Fury/Art of Fighting games.
This was done so that the characters from both series could be featured in the KOF games without having to age them.
As with most fighting games, the Fatal Fury series has an extensive cast of characters that increased with each installment.
The three main heroes from the original game, Terry Bogard, Andy Bogard and Joe Higashi, appeared in each installment, along with female ninja Mai Shiranui.
Some characters made appearances outside the series, particularly in The King of Fighters series and in Art of Fighting 2 (where a young Geese Howard appears as a hidden opponent).
Likewise, characters from outside the series have appeared in the Fatal Fury games.
Ryo Sakazaki from the Art of Fighting series makes an appearance in a hidden "dream match" in Fatal Fury Special, while his older self from Buriki One appears in Fatal Fury: Wild Ambition.
Garou: Mark of the Wolves is the only Fatal Fury game not to feature any returning character with the exception of Terry Bogard himself, who was completely redesigned for the game.
Notes: The Fatal Fury series chronicles the rise of "Lone Wolf" Terry Bogard (hence the Japanese title, which translates to Legend of the Hungry Wolf), and the simultaneous fall of the criminal empire of Geese Howard.
Like many other SNK titles of the time, the first installment takes place in a fictitious American city called South Town.
Brimming with violence and corruption, South Town forms the ideal backdrop for the annual The King of Fighters fighting tournament, organized by notorious crime lord Geese Howard.
No fighter has ever managed to beat his right-hand man and appointed champion, Billy Kane, until Terry arrives.
The second installment of the series features Geese's half-brother, Wolfgang Krauser, who internationalizes the formerly local tournament in a bid to take on the world's strongest combatants.
The tournament disappears from the storyline by the third game, having spun off into its own series.
Instead, the third installment centers around Terry Bogard's attempts to stop Geese from obtaining an ancient scroll that would give him the powers of a lost and dangerous martial art form.
After the third game, the series was renamed to Real Bout Fatal Fury.
In its first installment, we see the final and decisive battle between Terry and Geese.
The King of Fighters tournament appears in this game.
The second installment, which is named Real Bout Fatal Fury Special, features Wolfgang's return.
Garou: Mark of the Wolves takes place a generation later.
It focuses on Rock Howard, Terry's protégé and son of Geese, who makes a shocking discovery about his past when he enters the tournament.
<EOS>
Flik, an individualist and would-be inventor, lives in a colony of ants in the middle of a dry creek.
They are led by Princess Atta and her mother, the Queen.
The colony is oppressed by a gang of marauding grasshoppers, led by Hopper, that arrive every season demanding food from the ants.
One day, when the annual offering is inadvertently knocked into a stream by Flik's latest invention, a grain harvesting device, the grasshoppers demand twice as much food as compensation.
When Flik suggests in earnest that they seek help from other stronger bugs, the other ants see it as an opportunity to be rid of him, and send him off.
Making his way to the "bug city" (a heap of trash under a trailer), the naive Flik mistakes a troupe of circus bugs that have recently been dismissed by their money-hungry ringmaster,T.
Flea, for the warrior bugs he seeks.
The bugs, in turn, mistake Flik for a talent agent and accept his offer to travel with him back to Ant Island.
During a welcome ceremony upon their arrival, the circus bugs and Flik both discover their mutual misunderstandings.
The circus bugs attempt to leave but are forced back when a bird attacks the group.
They save Dot, Atta's younger sister, from the bird as they flee, gaining the ants' respect in the process.
At Flik's insistence, they continue the ruse of being "warriors" so the troupe can continue to enjoy the attention and hospitality of the ants.
After hearing that Hopper fears birds, the ants and the circus bugs create a false bird to scare away the grasshoppers.
Meanwhile, Hopper tells his gang how greatly the ants outnumber them and worries that they will eventually rebel against them.
The ants finish constructing the fake bird, but during a celebration,T.
Flea arrives searching for his troupe and accidentally exposes their ruse.
Outraged by Flik's deception, the ants exile him and desperately gather food for a new offering to the grasshoppers.
When the grasshoppers arrive to discover the mediocre offering, they take over the colony, demanding the ants' winter store of food.
After overhearing Hopper's intention to kill the Queen, Dot has Flik and the circus bugs return to the colony for help.
The bird initially fools the grasshoppers, butT.
Flea, also mistaking it for a real bird, lights it on fire, exposing it as a decoy.
Hopper beats Flik in retaliation and proclaims that the ants are lowly life forms who live to serve the grasshoppers.
However, Flik responds defiantly, realizing that Hopper actually fears the colony, and inspiring the ants and the circus bugs to fight back against the grasshoppers.
The ants attempt to force Hopper out of the colony, but it suddenly begins to rain.
In the ensuing chaos, Hopper kidnaps Flik and flees.
After the circus bugs fail to catch them, Atta rescues Flik.
As Hopper viciously pursues them, Flik corners him in the nest of the bird he encountered earlier.
Assuming that the actual bird is just another fake one, Hopper taunts it but is caught and fed to one of her chicks.
Sometime later, Flik has improved his inventions and the quality of life for the colony, and Atta professes her love for him.
The ants congratulate Flik as a hero and bid a fond farewell to the circus troupe, hoping that they will return for the following year.
Atta is crowned the new queen and Dot is crowned the new heir to the throne.
<EOS>
The movie begins with Nora Timmer (Jolene Blalock), a biracial (African and European) woman, being questioned by Ford Cole (Ray Liotta), the District Attorney.
Nora, who also happens to be the Assistant District Attorney, claims to have been raped by Issac Duparde (Mekhi Phifer), prior to shooting him in the head in self-defense.
Ty Trippin (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a journalist interviews Ford in his car; Ford anticipating both his first and second questions, surprises Ty by stating them to him before he asks Ford himself.
Nora narrates her version of the story to Ford, meeting Issac at a music store, where he came on to her, asking to give her a ride on the rainy night they had first met about a week ago.
Nora politely rebuffs his advances, but is left with no other option then to accept his ride in his car, when left stranded in the rain with no cab to respond to her calls.
Issac locks the door to his car when Nora tries to leave his vehicle upon reaching her home, only to give her a music cassette as a compliment.
Nora tells Ford that Issac waited for her in her house one night, and grabbed her from behind, and he raped her.
The plot thickens when Luther Pinks (LL Cool J), claiming to be an associate of the deceased Issac, shows up to meet Ford and relates his version of the story, stating that Issac's death was not Manslaughter, but Murder.
He states that Nora had seduced Issac into falling in love and ultimately becoming obsessed with her.
He tells Ford about an 'African violet flower' tattoo on Nora's backside to support his claims.
Ford initially believes him, as he himself had seen it, making it evident that Nora had two lovers.
Things get more complicated when Isaac's home is set a blaze and Ford receives an odd voicemail from the deceased suggestion a conspiracy involving Nora and 5am.
Later, Luther tells Ford of a deal Timmer supposedly offered Issac for his cousin who was recently booked on drug charges: If his aunt agrees to sell her home to an interested party, his cousin will walk.
Luther also reveals Nora's dirty little secret—that she isn't biracial but is using being a minority to benefit her career and to satisfy some strange obsession with being black.
<EOS>
The narrator, Aleksandr Petrovich Goryanchikov, has been sentenced to penalty deportation to Siberia and ten years of hard labour for murdering his wife.
Life in prison is particularly hard for Aleksandr Petrovich, since he is a "gentleman" and suffers the malice of the other prisoners, nearly all of whom belong to the peasantry.
Gradually Goryanchikov overcomes his revulsion at his situation and his fellow convicts, undergoing a spiritual re-awakening that culminates with his release from the camp.
It is a work of great humanity; Dostoyevsky portrays the inmates of the prison with sympathy for their plight, and also expresses admiration for their energy, ingenuity and talent.
He concludes that the existence of the prison, with its absurd practices and savage corporal punishments is a tragic fact, both for the prisoners and for Russia.
<EOS>
The series begins in 2006, five years after the "I-Jin" incident detailed in the Read or Die OVA.
Yomiko Readman (aka.
"The Paper", agent of British Library Task Force) has supposedly gone missing, and Nenene Sumiregawa, her former student and best friend, is still in Tokyo after her parents moved to the United States.
Nenene has not written a book since Yomiko disappeared, as she has become lonely and frustrated that her sensei has never read her last book, and she feels she can't write again until she hears Yomiko's reaction to the book, so Nenene often disappears for long periods of time searching for Yomiko, and has been periodically doing so ever since her "disappearance".
During a trip to Hong Kong, Nenene meets the three sisters, Michelle, Maggie and Anita (from the Read or Dream manga), who are supposed to take care of her during her visit.
However, the hotel at which Nenene is supposed to stay at is bombed, and at a press conference Nenene is briefly held hostage by a jealous rival in her industry.
The three sisters end up becoming her bodyguards and join her back to Tokyo.
Each sister has paper manipulation skills similar to Yomiko, although less powerful and more focused in scope.
After the initial action-filled adventure, the first several episodes take on the feel of an odd-couple comedy which focuses on tension between Nenene and the sisters, who move into her apartment and mooch off her, all while dealing with various crazies and psychos in their everyday lives.
The sisters also perform odd jobs as agents of the Dokusensha (ostensibly a Chinese publishing company, but more like an Illuminati-type organization focusing on the collection of rare and powerful documents).
This eventually puts them and Nenene in direct conflict with the British Library and the protagonists of Read of Die (Dokusensha is established as the British Library's rival in the Read or Die manga).
Events grow more serious as the series progresses as atrocities are committed by both sides, thrusting the main characters into the middle of a conflict between literary superpowers, the British Library and Dokusensha, who are both trying to collect ancient artifacts (books, of course) to control the entire world and even rewrite history.
After a horrific collision between the two superpowers, Nenene and the Paper Sisters set out to find the missing Yomiko to learn the truth about the conflict and save the world from literary terrorism.
<EOS>
After Maligore's defeat, Tommy Oliver, Kat Hillard, Adam Park and Tanya Sloan graduate from high school and prepare to resume life as normal.
Seeking revenge, Divatox attacks the Rangers.
Soon after, the Rangers' longtime mentors, Zordon and Alpha 5 depart to return to Zordon's home planet of Eltar, making way for the spectral Dimitria of Inquiris and the next in the line of robots, Alpha 6.
Other changes are also seen as Ernie leaves the series and lt Stone takes over the Juice Bar and Bulk and Skull are turned to chimps.
Also the first ally Blue Senturion arrives later from the year 2000, with a message for Dimitria and the rangers that Lord Zedd, Rita, The Machine Empire and Divatox will team up to destroy the universe, but fails to show complete message due to Divatox corrupting it at the end of it, although it is believed to be Dark Specter.
Later, Tommy, Kat, Adam and Tanya all of whom are leaving for college, are asked to pass on their powers to studentsJ.
Johnson, Cassie Chan, Carlos Vallerte and Ashley Hammond with Justin Stewart being the only remaining member of the team.
The New team of rangers are also joined by other allies such as the Phantom Ranger and a mysterious being from another world.
The team eventually learns that Dark Specter has captured Zordon, though Zordon is able to warn the Rangers not to rescue him as it would leave the Earth defenseless.
A short while later, the Rangers lose both Turbo and Rescue zords in a battle with the most powerful monster that Divatox created, Goldgoyle.
As Dimitria and the Blue Senturion leave for Eltar to help Zordon, Divatox finds the Power Chamber's location.
Her army of grunts and monsters infiltrate the Chamber, defeating the team and destroying the Power Chamber.
However, before Divatox tries to finish off the Rangers, she receives a message that Zordon has been captured and the order of Dark Specter that they have to leave for the Cimmerian planet.
The powerless Rangers then leave of Earth and head for space to save Zordon, with Justin choosing to stay behind with his father, although Justin does make an appearance in an episode of Power Rangers in Space to help the space rangers.
These events lead to the next incarnation of the franchise, entitled Power Rangers in Space.
<EOS>
Chickens are being prepared for a meal.
A chicken escapes, and an armed gang chases after it in a favela called the Cidade de Deus ("City of God").
The chicken stops between the gang and a young man named Rocket (Buscapé), who believes the gang wants to kill him.
A flashback traces Rocket, the narrator, back to the late 1960s.
In the 1960s, the favela is a newly built housing project far from the centre of Rio de Janeiro, with little access to electricity and water.
Three impoverished, amateur thieves known as the "Tender Trio" – Shaggy, Clipper, and Goose – rob and loot business owners; Goose is Rocket's brother.
The thieves split part of the loot with the citizens of the City and are protected by them in return.
Several younger boys idolize the trio, and one, Li'l Dice (Dadinho), convinces them to hold up a motel and rob its occupants.
The gang resolves not to kill anyone and tells Li'l Dice to serve as lookout.
They give him a gun and tell him to fire a warning shot if the police arrive, but an unsatisfied Li'l Dice fires a warning shot mid-robbery and guns down the motel inhabitants once the gang have run off.
The massacre brings police attention, forcing the trio to split up: Clipper joins the church, Shaggy is shot by the police while trying to escape the favela, and Goose is shot by Li'l Dice after taking the thieving boy's money while Li'l Dice's friend Benny (Bené) watches.
Some years later in the 1970s, the favela has transformed into an urban jungle.
Rocket has joined a group of young hippies.
He enjoys photography and likes one girl, Angelica, but his attempts to get close to her are ruined by a gang of petty criminal kids known as "The Runts".
Li'l Dice now calls himself "Li'l Zé" ("Zé Pequeno"), and along with Benny he has established a drug empire by eliminating all of the competition, except for one dealer named Carrot, and forcing Carrot's manager Blackie (Neguinho) to work for him instead.
A relative peace has come over the City of God under the reign of Li'l Zé, who avoids police attention by having an initiate kill a Runt.
Zé plans to kill Carrot, but Benny talks him out of it.
Benny, who is now involved with Angelica, decides to leave the City.
During the farewell party, Zé is distracted, and Blackie accidentally kills Benny while trying to shoot Li'l Zé.
As Benny was the only man holding Zé back from taking over Carrot's business, his death leaves Zé unchecked, and Carrot kills Blackie for endangering his life.
Following Benny's death, Zé beats up a peaceful man named Knockout Ned (Mane Galinha) and rapes Ned's girlfriend.
After Ned's brother stabs Zé, his gang retaliates by killing his brother and firing on Ned's house and killing his uncle.
Ned, looking for revenge, sides with Carrot, and a war breaks out between Carrot and Zé.
In the early 1980s, both sides enlist more "soldiers".
Zé provides weapons for the Runts, and eventually the reason for the war is forgotten.
One day, Zé has Rocket take photos of him and his gang.
After Rocket leaves his film with a friend who works at a newspaper office downtown, a female reporter publishes one of the prints, a major scoop since nobody can get into the City of God anymore.
Rocket believes his life is endangered, as he thinks Ze will kill him if he returns to the favela; the reporter takes him in for the night, and he loses his virginity to her.
Rocket agrees to continue taking photographs, not realizing Zé is very pleased with increased notoriety.
Rocket returns to the City for more photographs, bringing the film back to the opening scene.
Confronted by the gang, Rocket is surprised that Zé asks him to take pictures, but as he prepares to take the photo, the police arrive, and then drive off when Carrot arrives.
In the gunfight, Ned is killed by a boy who has infiltrated his gang to avenge his father: a security guard who was killed by Ned during a bank robbery.
The police capture Li'l Zé and Carrot, planning to give the media Carrot, whose gang never paid off the police, while they steal Zé's money and let him go.
Rocket secretly photographs the scene.
Zé is murdered by the Runts who intend to run the criminal enterprise themselves.
Rocket photographs Zé's dead body and brings both pictures back to the newspaper.
Rocket contemplates whether to publish the photo of the cops, exposing corruption and becoming famous, or the photo of Li'l Zé's body, which will get him an internship at the newspaper.
He decides on the latter and the film ends with the Runts walking around the City of God, making a hit list of the dealers they plan to kill to take over the drug business, including the Red Brigade.
<EOS>
Mari Collingwood plans to attend a concert with her friend, Phyllis Stone for her 17th birthday.
Her parents, Estelle and John, express their concern about the band and her friendship with Phyllis, but let her go and give her a peace symbol necklace.
Phyllis and Mari then head to the city for the concert.
On the way, they hear a news report on the car radio of a recent prison escape involving criminals Krug Stillo, a sadistic rapist and serial killer; his son, Junior; Sadie, a promiscuous psychopath and sadist; and Fred "Weasel" Podowski, a child molester, peeping tom, and murderer.
Before the concert, Mari and Phyllis encounter Junior when trying to buy marijuana.
He leads them to an apartment where they are trapped by the criminals.
Phyllis tries to escape and tries to reason with them, but she fails and is gang-raped by Krug, Weasel and Sadie.
Meanwhile, Mari's unsuspecting parents prepare a surprise party for her.
The next morning, Mari and Phyllis are gagged and put in the trunk of their car and transported to the woods by the criminals.
Mari recognizes that the road is near her home with a look of horror.
Mari and Phyllis are forced to perform sexual acts to each other and Sadie attempts to perform oral sex on a weeping Mari.
Phyllis distracts the kidnappers to give Mari an opportunity to escape but is chased by Sadie and Weasel, while Junior stays behind to guard Mari.
Mari tries gaining Junior's trust by giving him her necklace and instead names him "Willow".
Phyllis is then cornered by Krug with a machete and stabbed to death by Weasel.
After seeing her leaning up against a tree, barely still alive and in shock, Sadie reaches into Phyllis's wounds and pulls out her insides.
Mari convinces Junior to let her go, but her escape is halted by Krug.
Sadie and Weasel present Phyllis's severed hand as Mari screams in horror.
Krug carves his name into her chest then rapes her.
She vomits, quietly says a prayer and walks into a nearby lake to clean herself, but Krug fatally shoots her, leaving her body floating in the lake.
Krug, Sadie, and Weasel clean up and change out of their bloody clothes.
In their new attire, the gang goes to the Collingwoods' home, masquerading as travelling salesmen.
Mari's parents let them stay overnight, but Junior exposes their identity and orders them to leave.
Later that night Junior is in the bathroom, coughing and throwing up when Estelle enters to check on him.
She gasps as she sees that he's wearing Mari's peace symbol necklace.
She eavesdrops while the gang is spending the night in Mari's bedroom and finds blood-soaked clothing in their luggage.
She and her husband rush into the woods where they find Mari's body on the bank of the lake.
They carry Mari's body back to the house and exact revenge against the crooks.
Estelle seduces Weasel and performs fellatio on him that turns deadly when she bites off his penis and leaves him to bleed to death.
Mari's father John takes his shotgun into the room where two of the criminals are asleep and shoots at them.
Krug escapes into the living room and overpowers John and is then confronted by Junior, brandishing a revolver and threatening to kill him.
But before he can do so, Krug manipulates Junior into committing suicide and Junior suddenly shoots himself.
Krug is incapacitated by an electrocution booby-trap set earlier by John.
Sadie rushes outside where she's tackled by Estelle, but she escapes and falls into the backyard swimming pool where Estelle slits her throat with a knife.
The sheriff arrives just as John kills Krug with a chainsaw.
The deputy then brings Estelle into the living room before removing the chainsaw from John's hands.
<EOS>
Abandoned by her husband, recovering drug addict Kathy Nicolo, living alone in a small house near the San Francisco Bay Area, ignores eviction notices erroneously sent to her for nonpayment of county taxes.
Assuming the misunderstanding was cleared up months ago, she is surprised when Sheriff's Deputy Lester Burdon arrives to forcibly evict her.
Telling Kathy that her home is to be auctioned off, Burdon feels sympathy for her, helps her move out and advises her to seek legal assistance to regain her house.
A former Imperial Iranian Army Colonel Massoud Amir Behrani who fled his homeland with his family, now lives in the Bay Area working multiple menial jobs.
Living beyond his means, he maintains the façade of a respectable businessman so as not to shame his wife Nadereh, son Esmail, and daughter Soraya.
Seeing the auction of Kathy's house in the newspaper, he buys it for a quarter of its actual value, intending to improve and sell the house.
Meanwhile, Kathy is evicted from the motel she is staying in.
Having nowhere else to go, she spends the night in her car outside her home.
The next morning Kathy is angered to see her house being renovated and confronts the workers, injuring her foot.
Nadereh and Esmail treat her wound, but her jealousy at seeing how the Behranis have settled in only makes her more determined to get her house back.
Taking Lester's advice, Kathy finds an attorney who assures her that because of the county's mistake, they will return Massoud's money and the house will be restored to her.
Massoud, having already spent money on improving the house, is unwilling to accept anything less than the much higher appraised value of the property, which the county refuses to pay.
Informed that her only option is to sue the county, Kathy instead tries to convince Massoud to sell back the house for what he paid by telling him she and her brother inherited it from their father.
Massoud refuses and angrily forces Kathy back into her car.
Desperate for help, Kathy seeks out Lester and seduces him into abandoning his wife and children and becoming her protector.
Using a pseudonym, Lester confronts Massoud and threatens to have him deported if he refuses to sell the house back to the county.
Massoud reports this to the police and identifies Lester from a photo, resulting in a reprimand by internal affairs, and gives Kathy a furious warning to back off and leave him and his family alone.
Now aware that Lester is in trouble, Kathy calls her brother Frank, but cannot bring herself to admit that she is homeless, and he is unable to help her.
Despondent, Kathy first considers driving to the house and burning it, but after becoming drunk attempts suicide in the driveway with Lester's sidearm instead.
Massoud finds her in her car drunkenly unable to discharge the gun, and brings her inside.
Kathy again tries to kill herself with pills, but Nadereh saves her by inducing her to vomit.
As she and her husband carry Kathy to the bedroom, Lester breaks into the house, retrieves his sidearm, sees Kathy unconscious, and locks the Behranis in their own bathroom, refusing to let them out until Massoud agrees to relinquish the house.
Massoud eventually offers to sell the house back to the county for the price he paid and will give Kathy the money in exchange for her putting the house in his name.
Lester agrees to take Massoud and Esmail to the county office to finalize the transaction, and Kathy reluctantly goes along with the plan.
Outside the office, Lester begins to manhandle Massoud and Esmail seizes Lester's gun and aims it at him.
Massoud grabs hold of Lester and screams for help, drawing the attention of nearby police officers who misinterpret the situation and shoot Esmail.
Massoud is arrested but is released after Lester confesses, and is incarcerated.
Massoud rushes to the hospital and while he is there he prays, begging God to save his son and vowing to make whatever changes he needs to in his life.
But he finds his son did not survive.
Distraught and grief-stricken, Massoud goes home and, believing they have nothing left to live for, kills Nadereh by lacing her tea with pills.
He then dons his old military uniform, tapes a plastic dust cover over his head, and asphyxiates himself while clutching his wife's hand.
Kathy eventually discovers the couple and frantically attempts to resuscitate Massoud but she is too late.
As the bodies of Massoud and Nadereh are taken away by paramedics, a policeman asks Kathy if the house is hers.
After a long pause, she quietly replies, "No, it's not my house".
<EOS>
When North Carolina secedes from the Union on May 20, 1861, the young men of a rural North Carolina town on Cold Mountain hurry to enlist in the Confederate States Army.
Among them isP.
Inman, a carpenter who has fallen in love with Ada, a preacher's daughter, and their whirlwind courtship is interrupted by the war.
Three years later, Inman finds himself at the Battle of the Crater.
Union soldiers tunnel beneath Confederate fortifications and detonate kegs of gunpowder prior to an ill-fated attack against the rebels.
Oakley, Inman's acquaintance from Cold Mountain, is seriously wounded.
Inman gets him to a field hospital, where Oakley dies with Inman beside him and friend Stobrod Thewes playing him a song on his fiddle.
Inman and his Cherokee friend Swimmer are sent, with other Cold Mountain men, to flush out surviving Union troops behind their lines.
During the raid, friendly fire kills Swimmer and seriously wounds Inman.
As Inman lies in the hospital near death, he reads a letter from Ada in which she pleads with him to stop fighting, stop marching, and come back to her.
Inman recovers, and–with the war drawing ever closer to an inevitable Confederate defeat–deserts to return to Cold Mountain.
Inman meets the corrupt preacher Reverend Veasey, who is about to drown his pregnant slave lover.
Inman stops Veasey, and leaves him tied up to face the town's justice.
Exiled from his parish, Veasey later joins Inman on his journey.
They help a young man named Junior butcher his cow, and join him and his family for dinner.
When Junior goes out to his trapline, the women in his family seduce Veasey, and Junior's wife, Lila, tries to seduce Inman.
It is a ploy, as Junior soon returns with the Confederate Home Guard, and both Inman and Veasey are led away with other deserters.
During a skirmish with Union cavalry, Veasey is killed and Inman left for dead.
An elderly hermit living in the woods finds him and nurses him back to health.
Inman meets a grieving young widow named Sara, who is raising her infant child Ethan alone; he stays the night at her cabin.
The next morning, a party of Union foragers arrive demanding food.
Sara orders Inman away for his protection, but he hides close by.
The leader, Nym, and his lieutenant harass Sara, steal her livestock, and leave Ethan in the cold, though the third soldier attempts to keep the baby warm.
Nym tries to rape Sara but both he and the lieutenant are killed by Inman.
Inman forces the kind forager to surrender and lets him go, but an enraged Sara fatally shoots him.
Interspersed with Inman's adventures, we see Ada's wartime experiences.
A proper city girl, she and her father only recently moved to a Cold Mountain farm named Black Cove.
She met Inman on her first day at Cold Mountain and had a brief, chaste romance with him the night before he left for the army.
Shortly after Inman leaves, her father dies, leaving her with no money, no farming skills and little prospect for help with most able-bodied men off at war.
Ada survives on the kindness of her neighbors, one of whom eventually sends Stobrod's daughter, Ruby Thewes, to help.
Ruby is a young woman who has lived a hard-scrabble life and is adept at the tasks needed to run the farm.
Ruby moves in and together they bring the farm to working order.
Meanwhile, Ada writes constant letters to Inman in hopes of meeting him again and renewing their romance.
The two women become close friends and confidantes.
They are also friends with the Swangers, who live down the road from Black Cove.
It is at the Swangers' well that Ada has a vision of Inman coming back to her in the snow, surrounded by crows.
Ada and Ruby as well as other members of their community, have several tense encounters with men of the Home Guard.
Their branch is led by Captain Teague, whose grandfather once owned much of Cold Mountain.
He and his deputies hunt deserters, partially with the goal of Teague's seizing their land.
Teague also lusts after Ada.
Meant to protect the South and its citizen population from the North, the Home Guard have become violent vigilantes, killing deserters and terrorizing citizens for helping the deserters.
Teague and his men torture mrs Swanger to coax her deserter sons out of hiding, killing both boys and mr Swanger when they appear.
Stobrod Thewes, having deserted, arrives back at Cold Mountain with traveling companions Pangle, an intellectually challenged banjo player, and Georgia, a mandolin player to whom Ruby is attracted.
While camping, Stobrod, Pangle, and Georgia are cornered by Teague and the Guard.
Pangle unintentionally reveals the musicians are deserters, and the Home Guard shoot Pangle and Stobrod while Georgia watches from hiding.
He escapes to Black Cove and returns with Ruby and Ada, who find Pangle dead and Stobrod badly wounded.
Ada helps Ruby remove a bullet from Strobrod's back, and they decide to take shelter in some cabins in the woods to avoid Teague and his men.
At this point the two story lines come together.
Inman, half-dead from starvation, finally reaches Cold Mountain and is almost killed by Ada before she recognizes him.
They later consummate their love and spend the night together.
The Home Guard soon find them, having captured and tortured Georgia for information.
In the ensuing gunfight Inman ambushes and kills Teague and most of his band, but Teague's violent young lieutenant Bosie escapes up the mountain.
Cornering him near the top, Inman urges him to surrender peacefully, but Bosie draws, forcing Inman to fire; both men are mortally wounded.
Ada reaches Inman, finding him just as she saw him in her vision at the well: coming back to her in the snow surrounded by crows.
He dies in her arms.
A few years later, Ada and Ruby are celebrating Easter.
Ruby has married Georgia, and the two have a young daughter and an infant child.
It is revealed that Ada's night with Inman has produced a child, Grace Inman.
<EOS>
Dr.
Von Reichter is a member of the SS and Nazi Party genetic engineer, who works at the concentration camps during World War II, implanting cybernetic organs in the bodies of dead prisoners in an attempt to resurrect them as one of Führer's army.
However, after the Allied forces defeated the Nazis, Reichter continues to use experiments at South America.
From one of his experiments emerged the Cyber Series – artificial humanoids possessing superhuman strength and agility.
But something was amiss: The 5000 original Cybers, engineered to be the perfect servants, mimicked human emotions too closely, displaying free will of their own.
When they disobey orders from Reitcher, he orders all of the Cyber Series to be destroyed.
After Cyber-29 died falling from a cliff, Reichter transfers his brain into the body of a panther and names him Data-7.
Cyber-6 was the only true Cyber to survive the massacre, escaping with the help of a black slave who hid her away in a fishing village.
When Reichter interrogates to kill the slave, Cybersix arrives at the city of Meridiana, where she battles Reichter and his minions, and disguises herself as fellow teacher Adrian Seidelman after the real one is killed in a car wreck.
Like all of Reichter's creations, Cybersix depends on a mysterious life-giving fluid called "Sustenance".
When the supply ran out, she manages to take and drink it to survive, defeating Frankenstein's-monster-like "Fixed Ideas" or the more human-like "Technos".
As a heroine, she saves the people of the city from Reichter and his cloned son José.
Along the way, she meets the resurrected Data-7, a young orphaned boy named Julian, and high school teacher Lucas Amato.
<EOS>
Each of the nine episodes of the serial takes place in the year for which it is named; 1964, 1966, 1967, 1970, 1974, 1979, 1984, 1987, and 1995.
The episodes follow the four main characters and their changing lives, careers and relationships against the backdrop of the political and social events in the United Kingdom at the time.
The four friends are Dominic 'Nicky' Hutchinson (played by Christopher Eccleston), Mary Soulsby (Gina McKee), George 'Geordie' Peacock (Daniel Craig) and Terry 'Tosker' Cox (Mark Strong).
The series begins in 1964.
Nicky returns from working with the civil rights movement in the southern United States to resume his studies at the University of Manchester.
He is reunited with his girlfriend, Mary, and best friend, Geordie, who is hoping to form a pop group with his mate Tosker.
Nicky is persuaded to drop out of university and work for corrupt local politician Austin Donohue (Alun Armstrong), swayed by Donohue's apparent idealism and desire to change Newcastle for the better.
This is much to the annoyance of Nicky's trade unionist father Felix (Peter Vaughan), who does not want his son to waste opportunities that he never had when he was Nicky's age.
Nicky's relationship with Mary ends when she becomes pregnant by Tosker and later marries him, which means she also drops out of university.
On the run from a pregnant girlfriend himself and his abusive alcoholic father, Geordie leaves for London, where he falls in with seedy underworld baron Benny Barrett (Malcolm McDowell).
Geordie is initially successful while employed by Barrett in his Soho nightclubs and sex shops.
He also helps Tosker and Mary by introducing Tosker to Barrett, who lends him the money to start his own fruit and vegetable business.
Tosker's former dreams of musical stardom gradually fade away.
Meanwhile, Nicky realises the extent of Donohue's corrupt dealings with building contractor John Edwards (Geoffrey Hutchings).
He resigns in disgust, eventually becoming involved with left-wing anarchists in London.
By the early 1970s, the police have cracked down on Barrett's business and their own corruption, but not before Barrett has set Geordie up, sending him to prison in retaliation for an affair that Geordie had with Barrett's lover.
Nicky's anarchist cell is raided, and he returns to Newcastle.
Eventually Geordie returns as well.
By 1979, Nicky has returned to more mainstream politics and stands for the Labour Party in the general election, but is defeated by the Conservative Party candidate (Saskia Wickham) after a smear campaign.
Geordie leaves shortly before the election, not to be seen in the series again until 1987.
By 1984, Nicky is working as a successful photographer, and Mary has divorced Tosker, who has remarried and is rapidly becoming a rich businessman.
Nicky and Mary renew their earlier relationship during the turbulent events of the miners' strike and eventually marry.
By 1987, however, their marriage is falling apart.
Nicky has an affair with a young student and is also forced to confront his father's Alzheimer's disease.
He meets Geordie, now a homeless, drunken vagrant, by chance in London, but his old friend disappears before he has a chance to help him.
Eventually Geordie is sentenced to life in prison as a danger to the public after setting fire to a mattress in a hostel.
Despite her failing marriage to Nicky, Mary's life is becoming an increasing success, and she is now a councillor.
Tosker, meanwhile, has lost his fortune in the stock market crash.
The final episode, 1995, sees Nicky, who has emigrated to Italy, returning to Newcastle to oversee the funeral of his mother.
Tosker has managed to rebuild his business and is about to hold the opening night of his new floating nightclub, based on a boat moored on the River Tyne (filmed on the real club the Tuxedo Princess).
Mary, now a Labour Member of Parliament sympathetic to New Labour, is also invited to the opening, and Tosker is surprised to find Geordie back in the city as well; he has escaped from prison.
Neither Mary nor Geordie make it to the opening night party, but the four friends are reunited the following day at Nicky's house after his mother's funeral.
Tosker leaves to be with his grandchildren, and Mary leaves after agreeing to meet Nicky for lunch the next day.
However, a desperate Nicky realises that "tomorrow's too late" and runs after Mary's car.
He eventually attracts her attention and breathlessly asks, "Why not today.
" to which she agrees, smiling.
Meanwhile, Geordie walks off, and the series ends with him heading off into the distance across the Tyne Bridge after looking down at Tosker playing with his grandchildren on the boat below.
As Geordie walks away and the credits fade up, the music of "Don't Look Back in Anger" by Oasis is heard.
<EOS>
Dr.
Slump is set in , a place where humans co-exist with all sorts of anthropomorphic animals and other objects.
In this village lives Senbei Norimaki, an inventor.
In the first chapter, he builds what he hopes will be the world's most perfect little girl robot, named Arale Norimaki.
However, she turns out to be in severe need of eyeglasses.
She is also very naïve, and in later issues she has adventures such as bringing a huge bear home, having mistaken it for a pet.
To Senbei's credit, she does have super-strength.
In general, the manga focuses on Arale's misunderstandings of humanity and Senbei's inventions, rivalries, and romantic misadventures.
In the middle of the series, a recurring villain named dr Mashirito appears as a rival to Senbei.
<EOS>
A young hedgehog maid visits Redwall Abbey and sings a half-remembered song recounting the adventures of a warrior called Luke.
This chance meeting begins a tale of two quests: that of a son to find his father and that of a father to avenge the murder of his beloved wife.
The son is Martin the Warrior, founder of Redwall, who sets forth from the Abbey seeking the truth about the father he barely knew.
His journey takes him home to the northland shore, meeting friends and enemies, old and new, and leading him to an extraordinary shipwreck.
The wreck, the Arfship, is home to three ancient veteran warriors who have in their possession a dusty old volume.
The book begins during the construction of Redwall Abbey, when a roving female hedgehog named Trimp visits the abbey and sings a song to help the workers lifting a beam.
Martin the Warrior recognizes his father, Luke the Warrior, mentioned in the lyrics and asks Trimp more about him.
He decides to go on a quest to learn more about his father.
Martin, Gonff the Mousethief, Dinny, and Trimp befriend an orphaned woodlander squirrel named Chugger, the bird Krar Woodwatcher, as well as two brother otters, Folgrim (who is very close to becoming feral, having filed his teeth to points, and even eating vermin after he kills them) and his older brother Tungro.
When they reach the northlands, Martin meets his father's friends: the old mouse, Vurg, and Beauclair Fethringsol Cosfortingham, an exuberant old hare.
They show him a book titled In the Wake of the Red Ship, an account of Luke's life.
The plot then flashes back to Martin's birth to Luke and Sayna.
Luke was the leader of a tribe of mice who lived an idyllic life for many seasons until Vilu Daskar, the murderous captain of the pirate ship Goreleech, attacked the settlement and killed Sayna, as well as many others with his Sea Rogues.
Luke vowed revenge upon Daskar and soon had an opportunity when Reynard Chopsnout, master of the Greenhawk, sailed in, hoping to fix his broken vessel.
Luke and his tribe slew Chopsnout and his crew and captured the ship.
Together with Vurg, Beau, and others, they sailed off.
Martin, now older, wished to accompany his father, but Luke declined, giving Martin his sword, and the chance to name the ship, which he dubbed Sayna.
The account of Luke's life contains the scene where Luke gives his sword to his son.
The same scene occurs in the beginning of Martin the Warrior, when Martin receives a flashback of his childhood, as he was captured and put out for the seagulls by Badrang the Tyrant.
Therefore, the events in part two of The Legend of Luke occurred around the same time as Martin the Warrior.
At one point, Beau was believed to be dead, but survived.
Luke, however, was captured and forced into slavery by Daskar when the Sayna was destroyed.
He befriended a black squirrel, Ranguvar Foeseeker, who also wanted her revenge.
Luke was quite a bit like his son.
For instance, he threatened to strangle the slavedriver; similarly, Martin tried to choke a Marshank hordebeast with the creature's own whip.
Luke was able to convince Daskar that he knew the location of a hidden treasure that only he could steer to.
Vurg and Beau sneaked aboard to free the slaves as Ranguvar and Luke killed foebeasts.
Initially planning to run the ship aground where his tribe could join the fight to take the ship, upon realising his tribe had abandoned the area, Luke ordered the slaves to take the ship, trapped Daskar at one end of the ship, then smashed it against two rocks, breaking it.
The ship's stern sinks instantly and Luke, Ranguvar, Daskar, and much of the vermin crew upon it were drowned.
The bow becomes stuck between the two rocks and the surviving vermin are massacred by the liberated slaves.
Beau and Vurg presented Martin with a tapestry of his ancestor, which looked a lot like Martin himself.
They returned to Redwall, and Martin allegedly chose to put down his sword and live a life of peace.
The tapestry Martin received was later made into part of the large tapestry that hangs in the Abbey throughout the Redwall series.
<EOS>
A sexually frustrated woman, Linda Lovelace (Linda Boreman), asks her friend Helen (Dolly Sharp) for advice on how to achieve an orgasm.
After a sex party provides no help, Helen recommends that Linda visit a doctor (Harry Reems).
The doctor discovers that Linda's clitoris is located in her throat, and after he helps her to develop her oral sex skills, the infatuated Linda asks him to marry her.
He informs her that she can settle for a job as his therapist, performing her particular oral technique—thereafter known as "deep throat"—on various men, until she finds the one to marry.
Meanwhile, the doctor documents her exploits while repeatedly having sex with his nurse (Carol Connors).
The movie ends with the line "The End.
And Deep Throat to you all".
<EOS>
In this short novel, Steinbeck explores the relationship of man to his land.
The plot follows a man, Joseph Wayne, who moves to California in order to establish a homestead.
He is joined by his three brothers once his father dies, and they create a thriving ranch.
When a drought strikes the land, however, Steinbeck analyses how men respond to having their faith shaken.
The protagonist of this story is Joseph Wayne, a rancher who was born and lived his early life on his father's ranch.
He is the third of his brothers, younger than Burton and Thomas, who are both already married, but older than Benjy.
As he grows up, he feels a special connection to the land, and decides to move to California to create a homestead and start a family.
His father, John Wayne, begs him not to go but finally acquiesces once he realizes Joseph's passion, and gives him his blessing.
On his way West, Joseph meets "Old Juan" who encourages him to establish a home and throw a fiesta once he's set up.
After a time of wandering, Joseph enters California and records his homestead in the Nuestra Senora valley.
He builds his house under a great oak tree, which comes to symbolize his father.
While building, he works with an Indian, Juanito, who offers to be his vaquero in exchange for friendship.
Joseph hears about the "dry years", a lengthy drought that seems to be periodic, and is the bane of all the farmers in the area.
He is convinced, however, that they will never come again.
He writes to his brothers and tells them to come and join him, to take the land next to his.
As they explore the land they have been given, Joseph and Juanito stumble upon a mossy rock and a deep spring in the center of a pine forest.
It has an aura about it that makes everyone acknowledge that it is sacred, but it is frightening as well.
Joseph later meets Elizabeth, a schoolteacher from Monterey.
After several failed attempts, Joseph wins her hand and they are married.
When they return to the farm after the wedding, they discover that Benjy has been stabbed to death by Juanito, who caught him seducing his wife.
When the two men meet later that night at the sacred rock, Juanito asks Joseph to kill him in revenge for his brother, but Joseph refuses.
Joseph wants to pass it off as an accident so Juanito can stay on, but Juanito flees the farm, promising to return once the guilt has passed.
Elizabeth is integrated into the farm and meets Rama, Thomas' wife, who helps her with many things, including her first childbirth.
For a time, the farm prospers, and Elizabeth bears a child.
Joseph's brother Burton, a devout Christian, becomes increasingly concerned with Joseph's activities with the tree, after seeing him talk to it and apparently offer sacrifice to it as well.
After a time, Joseph remembers his promise to Old Juan, and the farm becomes the site of a New Year's fiesta.
After witnessing all the pagan activities that take place at the fiesta, Burton decides to leave the farm.
After he leaves, the remaining brothers discover Burton had girdled the tree to kill it.
In the following rainless winter, everything begins to die as a severe drought sets in, and everyone fears that the dry years have come again.
However, Joseph believes in the land and refuses to move.
One day, Joseph and Elizabeth visit the glade with the sacred rock, to quell Elizabeth's fear of it.
Elizabeth decides to climb on the mossy rock, but slips and falls, breaks her neck, and dies instantly.
Joseph returns to the homestead in a state of shock with Elizabeth's body, shocking everyone.
Rama sees how disturbed Joseph is and sleeps with him to fulfill their needs.
Afterward, Joseph gives his firstborn son to her.
Some time later, when the drought is forcing desperate measures, Joseph and Thomas explore the coast to see if there is any way they will be able to remain at the homestead.
They meet a man who ritually sacrifices small creatures to the sun each night as the sun goes down, and Joseph feels a connection with him.
Upon returning, Joseph and Thomas decide to drive the cattle out to San Joaquin to find green pastures.
At the last minute, Joseph decides to stay, but feels abandoned by all the land except the pine grove with the stream and the mossy rock.
He believes that the mossy rock is the heart of the land, and as long as it stays alive, the land cannot be truly dead.
He then lives by the rock and watches the stream slowly dry up, using the water to keep the rock wet and alive.
Juanito returns and convinces Joseph to visit the town's priest to enlist his help in breaking the drought.
The priest refuses to pray for rain, saying that his concern is the salvation of human souls.
Defeatedly, Joseph returns to the rock, only to find that the stream has run dry and the rock is dying.
Lost in confusion, Joseph realizes that he is the heart of the land, and so sacrifices himself by cutting his wrists to water the rock with his blood.
As he lies dying on the sacred rock, he feels rain begin to fall again.
<EOS>
Saiyuki is the story of four anti-hero-like heroes: the monk Genjyo Sanzo, the monkey king Son Goku, the half-demon Sha Gojyo, and the man who turned into a demon Cho Hakkai (formerly known as Cho Gonou).
They have been dispatched by the Sanbutsushin (the Three Aspects of Buddha, who relay the orders of heaven) to travel to India to stop the possible resurrection of the Ox-Demon-King, Gyumaoh.
Along the way they are beset by inept assassins, bad weather, and their own tragic personal pasts.
Meanwhile, the villains, two unlikely confidants, Gyokumen Koushou (Gyumaoh's concubine, a demon) and a mad scientist, dr Nii Jianyi (a human), continue their attempts to restore the long-dead king.
These experiments, a forbidden mixture of science and magic, spawn the "Minus Wave", infecting all of the demons in Shangri-La with madness, shattering the fragile peace that once existed between humans and demons.
<EOS>
The novel revolves around three boys who grow up as friends in Boston — Dave Boyle, Sean Devine, and Jimmy Marcus.
When the story opens, we see Dave abducted by child molesters while he, Sean, and Jimmy are horsing around on a neighborhood street.
Dave escapes and returns home days later, emotionally shattered by his experience.
The book then moves forward 25 years: Sean has become a homicide detective, Jimmy is an ex-convict who currently owns a convenience store, and Dave is a shell of a man.
Jimmy's daughter disappears and is found brutally murdered in a city park, and that same night, Dave comes home to his wife, covered in blood.
Sean is assigned to investigate the murder, and the three childhood friends are caught up in each other's lives again.
<EOS>
John suffered from epileptic seizures and an autism-like developmental disorder, and the Royal Family tried to shelter him from public view; the script shied away from presenting the Royal Family as unsympathetic, instead showing how much this cost them emotionally (particularly John's mother, Queen Mary).
Poliakoff explores the story of John, his relationship with his family and brother Prince George, the political events going on at the time (such as the fall of the House of Romanov in 1917) and the love and devotion of his nanny, Charlotte Bill (Lalla).
Episode One  A spellbound young Prince John gazes as his family attend an elaborate birthday party for his pampered and indulged grandmother, Queen Alexandra, held at Sandringham in Norfolk during the winter.
When summer arrives there is much excitement again as Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, and their children, visit their relatives, the British royals at the Isle of Wight.
The Russians entrance Prince John with their exotic splendour.
It is clear, even at this stage, that Johnnie, a charming and attractive boy, has an eccentric view of the world and is uninhibited in a way that is alien to his parents.
His ailing grandfather, King Edward VII, loves him for his frankness.
It is clear also that his nanny, Lalla, is reluctant to reveal the seriousness of his medical condition.
While the populace of the capital gaze into the night skies to catch a glimpse of an approaching comet, Johnnie's parents are called to Buckingham Palace to be by the King's deathbed.
During the funeral attended by all the heads of state of Europe, including the Kaiser Wilhelm, Johnnie succumbs to a serious epileptic fit.
Queen Mary, Johnnie's mother, summons doctors to examine him and their diagnosis confirms her and Lalla's worst fears.
Lalla volunteers to look after Johnnie to prevent him being sent to an institution.
The two of them are to be sent to Sandringham, where Johnnie is to be prevented from encountering anybody but the closest members of his family.
His sibling, Prince George, who has always treasured Johnnie, swears to protect him.
Johnnie, now a few years older, is deprived of the company of any children and finds the schooling of his tutor, Hansell, unfathomable.
Although lonely, he always takes an optimistic view of life.
Then one day, to the acute embarrassment of King George V and Queen Mary, he speaks his mind at a tea party held for Prime MinisterH.
Asquith and his Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lloyd George.
Johnnie is summoned to London to be re-examined by the doctors.
During his stay he is taken by his brother George up to the minstrel's gallery looking down on the banqueting hall of Buckingham Palace, to observe a grand state occasion.
The assembled dignitaries are chattering feverishly about the poise with which the Queen has dealt with the intrusion of a suffragette, who has confronted the Queen to demand her support for women's emancipation.
During the banquet Asquith and Lloyd George are called back to Downing Street to receive the news that is to prove to be the catalyst for the start of the First World War.
The following morning Johnnie receives a rare audience with his father King George, who shows him his treasured stamp collection.
Johnnie is more interested in his father's pet parrot, Charlotte.
Suddenly, father and son are interrupted by the King's Private Secretary, Stamfordham, who has come to relay the news of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo.
Realising that the news has been withheld from him, the King erupts in fury.
Unnoticed by the adults, Johnnie pursues Charlotte, as the terrified bird flies away into the bowels of the building.
The Queen, Lalla and George go searching for Johnnie and his mother is shocked when she sees, for the first time, one of Johnnie's debilitating fits.
In the midst of scurrying officials gathering for urgent diplomatic meetings, Johnnie is secreted out of the Palace and back to the isolation of his country estate.
Episode Two  Prince George witnesses the brinkmanship of the allies in the face of the belligerent posture taken by Germany.
Much to the surprise of all concerned, the weak and vacillating Tsar of Russia mobilises his troops and plunges Europe into war.
Against his wishes, George is sent to the harsh Naval Academy where his rebellious nature leads him to question the propaganda about the cruelty of the German armed forces.
Propaganda combined with the disastrous consequences of the conflict on the battlefield of Flanders turns the public's attention to the German ancestry of the British royal family.
The trauma of war is even felt by Johnnie, Lalla and their household, who are forced to live in increased isolation in Wood Farm, on the fringes of the Sandringham estate.
Prince George is determined, however, to maintain contact with Lalla and his brother.
He arrives to relay the news that the family is to change its name to Windsor and that the Tsar of Russia has abdicated and is to be exiled in Britain by the Bolshevik revolutionaries.
George is alarmed at the reaction of his own subjects and persuades Stamfordham to press Lloyd George to reverse the invitation to the Tsar.
Johnnie dreams innocently of his Russian cousins coming to live with him and is being prepared by Lalla to give a recital to his parents.
King George and Queen Mary are traumatised by what follows -- the execution of the Romanovs.
Weighed down by the effects of the conflagration that has enveloped Europe, they find consolation when their son Johnnie dies in his unbounded optimism and unalloyed love of life.
We know that George and Lalla will be comforted every day of their lives by remembering his pure and untarnished character.
<EOS>
The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's.
It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary.
Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence.
Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows.
Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi.
The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her (Hilary's) husband.
The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralysed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies.
The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls.
<EOS>
Lola (Franka Potente) receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend, Manni (Moritz Bleibtreu).
Manni is a small-time criminal who has just collected 100,000 marks cash in his most recent crime.
Lola had agreed to meet Manni at the crime scene and to drive him to deliver the money to his boss, Ronnie.
Lola tried to do so, but her moped was stolen en route to meet Manni.
When Lola failed to arrive on time, Manni, carrying the cash in a bag, took a subway train.
Manni panicked when he saw ticket inspectors in his car.
He fled and thoughtlessly left the bag of money on the subway because he does not have a subway ticket.
As he does, Manni spotted a homeless man examining Manni's money bag in the subway car.
Manni, realizing what he had done, pursued the train as it departed, only to find the man and the money gone.
Manni calls Lola from a phone booth.
He complains that Lola let him down.
He tells Lola that unless he raises 100,000 marks to give Ronnie within 20 minutes, Ronnie will kill him.
Manni also tells Lola of his plan to rob a nearby supermarket—which for several obvious reasons is unwise.
Lola implores Manni to wait and promises to find the money.
She decides to ask her father (Herbert Knaup), who is a bank manager, for help.
After this telephone call, the rest of the film is divided into three "runs" by Lola, in each of which she tries to obtain the money and save Manni.
Each run starts from the same situation, but develops differently and has a different outcome.
Each run has brief flashforward sequences that show how the lives of the people that Lola bumps into develop after the encounter.
Lola hangs up the phone and starts running (in a cartoon sequence) down the staircase of her apartment.
She passes a man with a dog; the dog growls at her, causing her to sprint faster.
Then she is seen running (back in real life, not in a cartoon) through the streets of Berlin towards her father's bank and she collides with a woman pushing a baby carriage, who is shown to later steal a baby after having lost custody of her own.
Continuing, Lola runs alongside a cyclist who offers to sell her his bike, which she refuses; a flash-forward shows him being robbed on his bike, but later marrying a nurse from the hospital in which he recovered.
Lola then causes a car crash, which involves her father's colleague, mr Meier, and Manni's boss, Ronnie.
As Lola arrives at the bank, she passes a banker shown later to be paralyzed in a car accident, then killing herself shortly after.
She meets her father (Papa), but his mistress has just revealed she is pregnant, causing him to dismiss Lola's request for help.
Papa reveals Lola isn't his biological daughter, and announces he is leaving his family to elope with his mistress.
Papa orders security to take Lola out of the bank.
The security guard consoles her.
He is later shown to have a heart attack.
Meanwhile, Manni uses a blind lady's phone card to request money from an apparent friend, only to fail.
His friend says he can only give 500 marks which makes Manni angry.
Lola keeps on running and ends up parallel to an ambulance that narrowly misses crashing into a glass pane carried by workmen.
Lola runs on to meet Manni, and she realises he has already begun the robbery.
She shouts his name trying to stop him, but he is unable to hear her calls and proceeds to rob the store.
Lola decides to help him.
A police officer comes in the store with a gun, but Lola grabs an old woman's bag and hits him with it, then picks up his gun.
Once they obtain the money, they flee on foot but find themselves surrounded by police.
Manni throws the bag with money up in the air, causing a nervous police officer to accidentally shoot Lola in the chest.
Fatally wounded, the camera appears to enter Lola's mind as a red-tinted image of Lola and Manni lying in bed together.
Lola recalls a conversation with Manni about their love, and whether she wanted to leave him.
The movie returns to dying Lola.
Her decision was to not leave Manni, and she doesn't want to die, and the film then reverts to their phone call at the beginning.
Lola hangs up the phone and starts running, only to be tripped by the man with the dog; falling down the stairs, Lola injures her leg, which makes her limp.
Running to the bank, she collides with the woman pushing a baby carriage, who would later win the lottery and live a luxurious life.
Passing the cyclist, she accuses him of stealing the bike he is selling; a flash forward shows he became homeless.
Manni, again borrowing the blind lady's phone card, unsuccessfully tries to borrow money.
After causing another car accident between mr Meier and Ronnie, Lola arrives at the bank moments later; the delay due to her limp allows Papa's mistress to explain he isn't the child's father.
Lola hears more of the argument this time and becomes infuriated.
Lola leaves the bank but the security guard's words catch her attention and she comes into the bank again.
Taking the security officer's gun, Lola robs the bank, and in the process passes the banker; a flash forward shows her falling in love with one of her colleagues.
Lola escapes because the police mistake her for a fleeing hostage.
Passing the ambulance, Lola asks to ride in the vehicle, distracting the driver and causing it to hit the carried pane of glass.
Still late for the rendezvous with Manni by moments, Lola calls his name, only this time he hears her call.
Manni holsters his gun and walks to Lola, only to be hit by the hastened ambulance, which fatally wounds him.
Manni recalls asking Lola how she would cope with his death.
He believes she will have another boyfriend after his death but Lola says that he (Manni) is still alive.
The film briefly returns to the present day and shows Manni refusing to die before restarting once again at the beginning of Lola's run.
Lola hangs up the phone and starts running and leaps over the punk and his dog.
Running to the bank, she avoids the woman with the baby carriage, who in a flash forward joins the church and devotes herself to God.
Lola also narrowly misses the cyclist; the cyclist instead offers his bike to the homeless man in a restaurant, who uses Manni's money to buy it.
Further ahead in this timeline Lola is nearly hit by mr Meyer's car, preventing his collision with Ronnie.
After avoiding Ronnie's car, mr Meier proceeds to pick up Papa.
Since Lola can no longer speak to Papa, she continues running until she encounters a casino.
She had only 992 marks, but somehow convinced the cashier to give her a 100 mark chip.
Betting the chip on a roulette table, she wins two consecutive bets, raising 126,000 marks.
She puts the money both of the times on the number 20, referring to the 20 minutes she has.
The people in the casino are shocked to see her win.
Approaching the ambulance from behind, Lola climbs inside as it avoids the carried pane of glass.
Recognizing the patient inside as a security guard from her father's bank, Lola realizes he has suffered a heart attack, and holds his hand to help calm him.
As soon as Lola holds his hand, his heart rate becomes normal and the doctor in the ambulance is surprised.
Meanwhile, the blind lady from whom Manni borrows a phone card leads Manni to notice the homeless man with his money, who passes on the cyclist's bike.
Manni chases him with a gun, inadvertently causing a car crash between Ronnie, mr Meier, and the man who stole Lola's moped.
mr Meier and Papa appear to die in the crash, as well as the thief.
Manni manages to retrieve his money, trading it for his gun.
Lola reaches the supermarket, but cannot find Manni.
She shouts his name but there is no response.
A car, a little farther away, pulls up with Manni and Ronnie inside, who shake hands.
Manni, no longer in need of the 100,000 marks, asks Lola what is in the bag she is carrying, only for the film to end in a freeze-frame on Lola's reaction in an elliptical instant before a possible flash-forward.
<EOS>
The book's four main characters are ecologically minded misfits—"Seldom Seen" Smith, a Jack Mormon river guide; Doc Sarvis, an odd but wealthy and wise surgeon; Bonnie Abbzug, his young sexualized female assistant; and a rather eccentric Green Beret Vietnam veteran, George Hayduke.
Together, although not always working as a tightly knit team, they form the titular group dedicated to the destruction of what they see as the system that pollutes and destroys their environment, the American West.
As their attacks on deserted bulldozers and trains continue, the law closes in.
For the Gang, the enemy is those who would develop the American Southwest—despoiling the land, befouling the air, and destroying nature and the sacred purity of Abbey's desert world.
Their greatest hatred is focused on the Glen Canyon Dam, a monolithic edifice of concrete that dams a beautiful, wild river, and which the monkeywrenchers seek to destroy.
<EOS>
The story in which the game is set takes place circa 2150, shortly after the destruction of Earth by an asteroid.
This cataclysm forced the remnants of humanity to the stars in search of new land and resources.
Humanity quickly fractures into four main factions: In the midst of the ensuing civil war, humans discover the alien Rixian Unity.
An ancient and advanced race, the Rixians seek to "enlighten" heathen races (such as the human race) and convert them to their religion.
<EOS>
Chad (Aaron Eckhart) and Howard (Matt Malloy) are two middle management employees at a corporation, temporarily assigned to a branch office away from home for six weeks.
Howard is assigned to head up the project.
Embittered by bad experiences with women, they form a mean-spirited revenge scheme to find an insecure woman, romance her simultaneously, and then break up with her at the same time.
Chad, who is cruel, manipulative, duplicitous, misanthropic, misogynist and abusive to his subordinates, is the originator and driving force behind the scheme, while Howard is the more passive of the two, which leads to a later conflict with the scheme.
Chad decides upon Christine (Stacy Edwards), a deaf coworker who is so self-conscious that she wears headphones so people, thinking that she is listening to music, are compelled to get her attention visually or tactilely without immediately learning that she is deaf.
Chad and Howard decide to each ask her out, and over the course of several weeks, date her simultaneously.
In the meantime, things with the project go wrong; a fax Chad is supposed to have made to the home office is "lost" and a presentation Chad is supposed to deliver to the home office is unable to be carried out successfully after some documents are allegedly printed so lightly that they are illegible.
These mishaps culminate in Howard being demoted and Chad taking his place as the head of the project after Chad places the blame for the mishaps unfairly on Howard.
Chad eventually sleeps with Christine, and she falls in love with him.
When Christine eventually breaks this news to Howard, Howard tells Christine the truth about their scheme, and tells her that he loves her.
Christine is shocked by the revelation, and refuses to believe that Chad would do this.
When she confronts Chad, he admits the truth.
Christine angrily slaps Chad, but Chad is unashamed of his behavior, and cruelly taunts Christine, who collapses into tears after he leaves her.
Weeks later, Howard confronts Chad back home at his apartment.
Howard is now apparently in the bad graces of the company, having been moved to a lower floor, while Chad is doing well, and thus offering to say something on Howard's behalf.
Nevertheless, Howard is not worried about work; he confesses to Chad that he really loved Christine.
At this point Chad, despite having previously told Howard that his girlfriend, Suzanne, had left him, shows Howard that she is still there, asleep in his bed.
Chad says that he carried out the plan "because I could," and cruely asks Howard how it feels to have truly hurt someone.
Howard, who had never done anything like that before, leaves, horrified.
Howard later travels back to the city and to a bank where he sees Christine working there, and tries to speak to her, but she looks away in anger.
He loudly pleads with her to "listen" to him, but his pleas literally fall on deaf ears.
<EOS>
Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man.
In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all.
With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult.
Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand.
Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan.
Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance.
A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues.
Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand.
Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and after buying a copy of her memoir he finds the text of the letter in the book.
Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers.
He faints during the face-off.
Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship.
Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt.
Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris.
<EOS>
Morris Buttermaker (Walter Matthau), a former minor-league baseball player and an alcoholic who cleans swimming pools, is illegally hired (little league coaches are not allowed to be paid) by a city councilman named Bob Whitewood (Ben Piazza), an attorney who filed a lawsuit against a competitive Southern California Little League, which excluded the least athletically skilled children (including his son Toby) from playing.
To settle the lawsuit, the league agrees to add an additional team—the Bears—which is composed of the worst players.
Buttermaker becomes coach of the unlikely team.
It includes (among others) a near-sighted pitcher named Rudy Stein (David Pollock), an overweight catcher named Mike Engleberg (Gary Lee Cavagnaro), a foul-mouthed shortstop named Tanner (Chris Barnes) with a Napoleon complex, an outfielder, Ahmad Abdul Rahim (Erin Blunt) who dreams of emulating his idol Hank Aaron, two non-English-speaking Mexican immigrants, a withdrawn (and bullied) boy named Timmy Lupus, and a motley collection of other "talent".
Shunned by the more competitive teams (and competitive parents), the Bears are outsiders, sponsored by Chico's Bail Bonds.
In their opening game the top-notch Yankees, who are coached by aggressive, competitive Roy Turner (Vic Morrow), they do not even record an out, giving up 26 runs before Buttermaker forfeits the game while the Yankees start ridiculing the Bears.
The next day, a dejected Bears team--except Tanner, who had fought the entire seventh grade and had the bruises to show it--tries to quit the season and turn in their uniforms, but Buttermaker decides to become a true coach for the kids.
He tells them that he is the one who had quit, that quitting is a tough thing to overcome, and that they need to get back on the field.
When the boys say their vote to quit is final, Buttermaker rises up in anger, tells them that his vote is the only one that counts on the team, and profanely threatens them into getting back on the field.
In fear and respect, the boys run out on the field; and Buttermaker starts teaching them how to play baseball.
They then lose the next game 18-0, but they finished the game and even got a man on base.
Buttermaker rewards their efforts with hot dogs and soft drinks, showing that they are coming together as a team.
Realizing the team is still nearly hopeless, Buttermaker recruits a couple of unlikely prospects: first up is sharp-tongued Amanda Whurlitzer (Tatum O'Neal), a skilled pitcher (trained by Buttermaker when she was younger) who is the 11-year-old daughter of one of Buttermaker's ex-girlfriends.
She now peddles maps to movie-stars' homes.
Amanda tries to convince Buttermaker that she has given up baseball, but then she reveals that she had been practicing "on the sly".
Amanda makes a number of outlandish demands (such as imported jeans, modeling school, ballet lessons, etc) as conditions for joining the team.
Buttermaker asks, "Who do you think you are, Catfish Hunter.
" Amanda responds, "Who's he.
"  With Amanda on the team, the Bears become competitive, but after another loss in which Lupus drops a fly ball and allows the winning score, Tanner grows enraged at Lupus.
Buttermaker instills in his team the concept of "team wins" and "team losses".
The next day at the snack bar, Tanner shuns Lupus for his apparently gross eating habits.
After Lupus moves away, Tanner witnesses Joey Turner, son of the Yankees' coach Roy, start harassing Timmy Lupus at the snack bar, first taking away Lupus' hat, then filling it with mustard and ketchup and throwing it back on Lupus' head.
Tanner then confronts Joey and shoves his burrito in Turner's face, and a fight ensues in which Tanner is stuffed in a garbage can.
Lupus expresses his appreciation for Tanner taking up for him.
Tanner responds by advising Lupus to wipe his nose more often so people "will not give him crud all the time".
The sight of a crestfallen Lupus leads Tanner to take a more friendly approach to the bullied boy.
Rounding out the team, Buttermaker recruits the "best athlete in the area", who also happens to be a cigarette-smoking, loan-sharking, Harley-Davidson-riding troublemaker, Kelly Leak (Jackie Earle Haley).
No one else on the team is pleased at first with the new additions, but with Amanda and Leak on board, the Bears gain confidence and begin winning.
However, some issues begin to appear.
Wanting to get to the championship game, Buttermaker tells Kelly to hog the fly balls to make the outs.
When the other outfielders get resentful, Kelly stops, incurring Buttermaker's ire.
Kelly then takes two easy strikes, again incurring Buttermaker's wrath, but then he contemptuously goes back to bat and hits a home run in spite of his coach to win the game and send the Bears to the championship.
After the game, Amanda begins suggesting that she, Buttermaker, and her mom spend time together; but Buttermaker shrugs off the idea.
When Amanda persists, he grows angry and rejects Amanda who walks away from the dugout as if nothing is wrong but then begins weeping.
Buttermaker also weeps after Amanda leaves.
Prior to the league's championship game against the Yankees, the team experiences a meltdown as a fight erupts over Kelly's ball hogging.
Buttermaker reveals he ordered Kelly to handle the fly balls.
The rest of the boys look betrayed.
As the game progresses, Buttermaker and Turner engage in shouting matches, directing their players to become increasingly more ruthless and competitive.
Amanda is spiked in the chest.
Buttermaker forces her to pitch with a sore arm.
He also orders Rudy to lean into the strike zone to get hit by a pitch to draw a base.
A defining moment comes after a heated exchange between Turner's son (and Yankees pitcher) Joey (Brandon Cruz).
Turner orders his son to walk Engelberg, the Bears' catcher.
When Joey accidentally throws a pitch near Engelberg's head, a horrified Turner goes to the mound and slaps his son, knocking him to the mound.
On the next pitch, Engelberg hits a routine ground ball back to Joey, who exacts revenge against his father by holding the ball until Engelberg circles the bases for an inside-the-park home run.
Joey then drops the ball at his father's feet and leaves the game with his mother.
When Rudy fails to intentionally get hit by a pitch, and instead grounds out, Buttermaker grows enraged, yells at Rudy and then rest of the team for their shoddy play.
The Bears appear demoralized.
Buttermaker realizes he has become as competitive as Turner.
He relents, and replaces Amanda and the other starters with all of the bench warmers, thus giving every kid a chance to play--including Lupus.
mr Whitehead tries to argue with Buttermaker, telling him that victory is within his grasp, but Buttermaker threatens him and sends him back to the stands.
The substitute Bears make errors and the team falls far behind on the scoreboard.
However, when a long fly is hit in Lupus' direction, the oft-maligned and bullied kid makes the catch, ending the inning, and running in with his team celebrating with him.
In the bottom of the last inning, and needing four runs to tie, the Bears get two quick outs--one of which happened when Rudy tried to stretch a single into a double.
Rudy apologizes, but Buttermaker compliments his aggressive play.
Down to the last out, the spectators start leaving the stands.
But, the Bears rally.
Ogilvie walks.
Ahmad bunts his way on base and Miguel, one of the Hispanic players, walks, to load the bases.
It brings Kelly to bat as the tying run.
Turner decides to intentionally walk Kelly even though it will cost the Yankees a run.
Buttermaker gives a sign to Kelly to swing away.
Kelly lunges at a far-outside pitch and belts the ball to the wall.
The three runners score ahead of Kelly, who races toward home plate with the game-tying run, only to be called out by the umpire on a very close play, causing the Bears to lose by one run.
Buttermaker celebrates his pride for the team by treating them to the beer in his cooler.
Although they did not win the championship, they have the satisfaction of having come a long way.
Amanda suggests Buttermaker teach her how to hit better the next year, and Buttermaker warmly responds, "You bet".
The Yankees condescendingly congratulate the Bears and apologize for how they treated them.
Tanner, the shortstop, replies by telling them where they can shove their trophy and their apology.
Lupus, apparently overcoming his shyness, throws the Bears' second-place trophy at the Yankees and yells "Wait till next year.
", after which the Bears spray beers all over each other as if they had won the game.
<EOS>
In the then-future year of 1983, a high-tech, highly realistic adult amusement park called Delos features three themed "worlds"—Westworld (the American Old West), Medieval World (medieval Europe), and Roman World (the ancient Roman city of Pompeii).
The resort's three "worlds" are populated with lifelike androids that are practically indistinguishable from human beings, each programmed in character for their assigned historical environment.
For $1,000 per day, guests may indulge in any adventure with the android population of the park, including sexual encounters and even a fight to the death.
Delos's tagline in its advertising promises, "Boy, have we got a vacation for you.
"  Peter Martin (Benjamin), a first-time Delos visitor, and his friend John Blane (Brolin), on a repeat visit, go to Westworld.
One of the attractions is the Gunslinger (Brynner), a robot programmed to instigate gunfights.
The firearms issued to the park guests have temperature sensors that prevent them from shooting humans or anything with a high body temperature but allow them to 'kill' the cold-blooded androids.
The Gunslinger's programming allows guests to draw their guns and kill it, with the robot always returning the next day for another duel.
The technicians running Delos notice problems beginning to spread like an infection among the androids: the robots in Roman World and Medieval World begin experiencing an increasing number of breakdowns and systemic failures, which are said to have spread to Westworld.
When one of the supervising computer scientists scoffs at the "analogy of an infectious disease," he is told by the chief supervisor (Alan Oppenheimer), "We aren't dealing with ordinary machines here.
These are highly complicated pieces of equipment, almost as complicated as living organisms.
In some cases, they've been designed by other computers.
We don't know exactly how they work".
The malfunctions become more serious when a robotic rattlesnake bites Blane in Westworld, and, against its programming, an android refuses a guest's advances in Medieval World.
The failures escalate until Medieval World's Black Knight robot kills a guest in a swordfight.
The resort's supervisors try to regain control by shutting down power to the entire park.
However, the shutdown traps them in central control when the doors automatically lock, unable to turn the power back on and escape.
Meanwhile, the robots in all three worlds run amok, operating on reserve power.
Martin and Blane, recovering from a drunken bar-room brawl, wake up in Westworld's bordello, unaware of the park's massive breakdown.
When the Gunslinger challenges the men to a showdown, Blane treats the confrontation as an amusement until the robot outdraws, shoots and mortally wounds him.
Martin runs for his life and the robot implacably follows.
Martin flees to the other areas of the park, but finds only dead guests, damaged robots, and a panicked technician attempting to escape Delos who is shortly thereafter shot by the Gunslinger.
Martin climbs down through a manhole in Roman World into the underground control complex and discovers that the resort's computer technicians suffocated in the control room when the ventilation system shut down.
The Gunslinger stalks him through the underground corridors so he runs away until he enters a robot-repair lab.
When the Gunslinger comes into the room, Martin pretends to be a robot, throws acid into its face, and flees, returning to the surface inside the Medieval World castle.
With its optical inputs damaged by the acid, the Gunslinger is unable to track him visually and tries to find Martin using its infra-red scanners.
Martin stands beneath the flaming torches of the Great Hall to mask his presence from the robot, before setting it on fire with one of the torches.
The burned shell of the Gunslinger attacks him on the dungeon steps before succumbing to its damage.
Martin sits on the dungeon steps in a state of near-exhaustion and shock, as the irony of Delos's slogan resonates: "Boy, have we got a vacation for you.
".
<EOS>
The Master sends one of his heavenly divine companions in the form of a human warrior to the Freil Empire, where the evil spirit Deathtoll has destroyed all villages and incarcerated the souls of all living creatures in his monster lairs, leaving the world empty.
The warrior must defeat the monsters and liberate the inhabitants from the lairs, gradually repopulating the kingdom.
The warrior travels throughout the kingdom, defeating monsters in each of six regions to gather six magic stones, each a different color, in order to open the path to Deathtoll, who now resides in the World of Evil.
The warrior must also find three sacred artifacts to call upon the power of the phoenix to defeat Deathtoll.
On the way, the warrior falls in love with Lisa, the daughter of a brilliant inventor named dr Leo.
The warrior learns that the world's devastation came about after King Magridd imprisoned dr Leo and forced him to make a machine to contact Deathtoll.
After being summoned, Deathtoll offered the king a gold piece for each soul from his kingdom, and under the counsel of his wife, Magridd agreed, but was eventually imprisoned himself.
dr Leo is still in Magridd Castle's prison after the warrior frees him, and Leo later sacrifices his life to kill the queen, who still wanted to bargain with Deathtoll.
After reaching the World of Evil and defeating Deathtoll, the warrior is returned to Heaven.
However, one year later, the Master realizes that the warrior misses his life as a human, and agrees to send him back to the Freil Empire, but under the condition that the hero would not have any memory of his past.
The hero wakes up in Grass Valley, where Lisa recognizes him.
Though he does not remember her, they leave together and renew their friendship.
<EOS>
The plot follows a god-like being known only as "The Master" (God in the Japanese version) in his fight against Tanzra (Satan in the Japanese version), also referred to as "The Evil One".
According to the instruction booklet, The Master was defeated in a battle with Tanzra and his six lieutenants.
The Master retreated to his sky palace to tend to his wounds and fell into a deep sleep.
In the Master's absence, Tanzra divided the world into six lands, one for each of his lieutenants; they later turned the people to evil.
After several hundred years, the Master awakens fully recovered to discover that he has lost his powers due to the lack of belief in him.
As the game progresses, the Master defeats Tanzra's lieutenants and recovers his powers by rebuilding the civilizations of his people and communicating with them through prayer.
After all lieutenants have been slain, the Master commences an assault on Tanzra's stronghold, Death Heim, eventually defeating him.
After the defeat of Tanzra, The Master and his servant revisit the many civilizations that they had helped to build and observe the people.
During their observations, they note that nobody is at the temple worshiping the Master.
The servant observes that, although the people once prayed to the Master in times of trouble, they no longer feel a need to because they are not in danger.
The Master and his servant then enter the sky palace and depart into the heavens to await a time when they may be needed.
<EOS>
Jin Ping Mei is framed as a spin-off from Water Margin.
The beginning chapter is based on an episode in which "Tiger Slayer" Wu Song avenges the murder of his older brother by brutally killing his brother's former wife and murderer, Pan Jinlian.
The story, ostensibly set during the years 1111–27 (during the Northern Song Dynasty), centers on Ximen Qing (西門慶), a corrupt social climber and lustful merchant who is wealthy enough to marry six wives and concubines.
After Pan Jinlian secretly murders her husband, Ximen Qing takes her as one of his wives.
The story follows the domestic sexual struggles of the women within his household as they clamor for prestige and influence amidst the gradual decline of the Ximen clan.
In Water Margin, Ximen Qing was brutally killed in broad daylight by Wu Song; in Jin Ping Mei, Ximen Qing in the end dies from an overdose of aphrodisiacs administered by Jinlian in order to keep him aroused.
The intervening sections, however, differ in almost every way from Water Margin.
In the course of the novel, Ximen has 19 sexual partners, including his 6 wives and mistresses.
There are 72 detailed sexual episodes.
<EOS>
Susan Aibelli, a married, lonely woman, suffers a leg injury at home just as her husband is about to leave on his job as a travelling salesman and her son, Raymond, is about to leave for the summer on a medical internship.
Raymond is then forced to stay at home to take care of her as his father cannot.
He eventually loses the internship.
These troublesome events leave him emotionally confused as he and his mother are left alone together, and they develop an incestuous relationship.
<EOS>
In order to find out how best to implement his assassination plan, Elser travelled to Munich by train on 8 November 1938, the day of Hitler's annual speech on the anniversary of the Beer Hall Putsch.
Elser was not able to enter the Bürgerbräukeller until 10:30&nbsp;pm, when the crowd had dispersed.
He stayed until midnight before going back to his lodging.
The next morning, he returned to Königsbronn.
On the following day, 10 November, the anti-Jewish violence of the Kristallnacht took place in Munich.
'In the following weeks I slowly concocted in my mind that it was best to pack explosives in the pillar directly behind the speaker's podium,' Elser told his interrogators a year later.
He continued to work in the Waldenmaier armament factory in Heidenheim and systematically stole explosives, hiding packets of powder in his bedroom.
Realising he needed the exact dimensions of the column to build his bomb he returned to Munich, staying 4–12 April 1939.
He took a camera with him, a Christmas gift from Maria Schmauder.
He had just become unemployed due to an argument with a factory supervisor.
In April–May 1939, Elser found a labouring job at the Vollmer quarry in Königsbronn.
While there, he collected an arsenal of 105 blasting cartridges and 125 detonators, causing him to admit to his interrogators, "I knew two or three detonators were sufficient for my purposes.
But I thought the surplus will increase the explosive effect.
' Living with the Schmauder family in Schnaitheim he made many sketches, telling his hosts he was working on an 'invention".
In July, in a secluded orchard owned by his parents, Elser tested several prototypes of his bomb.
Clock movements given to him in lieu of wages when leaving Rothmund in Meersburg in 1932 and a car indicator 'winker' were incorporated into the 'infernal machine'.
In August, after a bout of sickness, he left for Munich.
Powder, explosives, a battery and detonators filled the false bottom of his wooden suitcase.
Other boxes contained his clothes, clock movements and the tools of his trade.
Elser arrived in Munich on 5 August 1939.
Using his real name, he rented a room in the apartments of two unsuspecting couples, at first staying with the Baumanns and from 1 September, Alfons and Rosa Lehmann.
He soon became a regular at the Bürgerbräukeller restaurant for his evening meal.
As before, he was able to enter the adjoining Bürgerbräukeller Hall before the doors were locked at about   Over the next two months, Elser stayed all night inside the Bürgerbräukeller 30–35 times.
Working on the gallery level and using a flashlight dimmed with a blue handkerchief, he started by installing a secret door in the timber panelling to a pillar behind the speaker's rostrum.
After removing the plaster behind the door, he hollowed out a chamber in the brickwork for his bomb.
Normally completing his work around 2:00–3:00 am, he dozed in the storeroom off the gallery until the doors were unlocked at about He then left via a rear door, often carrying a small suitcase filled with debris.
Security was relatively lax at the Bürgerbräukeller.
Christian Weber, a veteran from the Beer Hall Putsch and the Munich city councillor, was responsible.
However, from the beginning of September, after the outbreak of war with Poland, Elser was aware of the presence of air raid wardens and two 'free-running dogs' in the building.
While he worked at night in the Bürgerbräukeller, Elser built his 'infernal machine' during the day.
He purchased extra parts, including sound insulation, from local hardware stores and became friends with the local master woodworker, Brög, who allowed him use of his workshop.
On the nights of 1–2 November, Elser installed the explosives in the pillar.
On 4–5 November, being Saturday and Sunday dance nights, he had to buy a ticket and wait in the gallery until after 1:00 am before he could install the twin-clock mechanism that would trigger the detonator.
To celebrate the completion of his work, Elser recalled later, 'I left by the back road and went to the Isartorplatz where at the kiosk I drank two cups of coffee'.
On 6 November, Elser left Munich for Stuttgart to stay overnight with his sister, Maria Hirth, and her husband.
Leaving them his tool boxes and baggage, he returned to Munich the next day for a final check.
Arriving at the Bürgerbräukeller at 10:00 pm, he waited for an opportunity to open the bomb chamber and satisfy himself the clock mechanism was correctly set.
The next morning he departed Munich by train for Friedrichshafen via Ulm.
After a shave at a hairdresser, he took the steamer to Konstanz.
<EOS>
The University of Minnesota head coach Herb Brooks (Kurt Russell) interviews with the United States Olympic Committee for the national team coach's job, discussing his philosophy on how to beat the Soviet team, calling for changes to the practice schedule and strategy.
There is the added context that these Olympic games are occurring during the Cold War, making the Soviet team even more important than they already were.
Brooks meets his assistant coach Craig Patrick (Noah Emmerich) at the tryouts in Colorado Springs.
Brooks selects a preliminary roster of 26—later to be cut to a final roster of 20—indifferent of the tryouts and the preferences of senior USOC hockey officials.
He convinces Walter Bush (Sean McCann), the executive director of the committee, that he has their best interests at heart.
Bush reluctantly agrees to take the heat from the committee.
During the initial practice, tempers flare as forward Rob McClanahan and defenseman Jack O'Callahan get into a fight based on an old college rivalry.
Brooks bluntly tells the players that they are to let go of old rivalries and start becoming a team.
He then calls for introductions, in which each player states his name, his hometown, and for whom he plays.
Brooks then introduces the players to a new conditioning drill, which becomes known as "Herbies", in order to better prepare them for Lake Placid.
During an exhibition game against Norway in Oslo that ends in a 3–3 tie, Brooks notices the players are distracted by girls in the stands and not playing up to their potential.
After the game, he orders them back on the ice to skate "Herbies" until they get the point.
Exhausted, forward Mike Eruzione interrupts Brooks and cries out whom he plays for: The United States of America.
Brooks tells them they're done and all of the players sigh in relief.
The team plays the Soviets in an exhibition game at Madison Square Garden.
The Soviets manhandle the young American team, winning by a score of 10–3.
During the game, O'Callahan receives an injury that could keep him out of the entire Olympics, and starting goaltender Jim Craig is told he may be benched in favor of back-up goalie Steve Janaszak.
Craig ends up retaining his starting job when the coach brings him to realize that he hasn't been giving his very best.
As the Olympic tournament begins, the Americans trail Sweden 2–1 in the first game.
Brooks fires up the team during the break by overturning a table in his way and accusing injured McClanahan of quitting.
(Doc had said his injury wouldn't get worse if he played on it) McClanahan ends up playing despite his pain, and the inspired American team came through as Bill Baker scores a goal in the final minute for a dramatic 2–2 tie.
They follow that up with a 7–3 win over heavily favored Czechoslovakia, then victories over Norway, Romania and West Germany to earn a spot in the medal round.
The Americans are considered overwhelming underdogs to the Soviets in the first medal round game.
The game begins and, following a missed slashing penalty, the Soviets score the first goal.
Then O'Callahan, having healed enough from his injury, enters the game for the first time.
He makes an immediate impact by heavily checking Vladimir Krutov on a play that leads to a goal by Buzz Schneider.
Following another Soviet goal the first period winds down.
In the final seconds the Soviet goalie Vladislav Tretiak stops a long shot by Dave Christian, but Mark Johnson gets the rebound and scores with less than one second left in the period — the clock shows 00:00.
During the first intermission the Soviet coach replaces Tretiak with backup Vladimir Myshkin.
In the second period the Soviets score a goal to go up 3–2.
Early in the final period the Soviet team is called for a penalty, giving the Americans a man advantage.
Johnson scores his second goal of the game just as the penalty is about to expire.
Later Eruzione enters the game and scores to give the US a 4–3 lead.
The entire team engulfs Eruzione while the crowd is ecstatic.
The US team goes into a defensive mode as the Soviet team becomes increasingly aggressive to score in the final ten minutes.
The clock ticks down the final few seconds, in which commentator Al Michaels says his now famous words, "Do you believe in miracles.
Yes.
" The Americans are able to hold off the Soviets, and complete one of the biggest upsets in sports history.
As the team proudly celebrates on the ice with the roaring crowd, an obviously emotional, shaken and proud Herb leaves the rink to an empty corridor to have a few seconds of quiet with himself, taking in what he and the team have just accomplished.
Two days later the team would go on to defeat Finland 4–2 to win the gold medal.
The movie ends with Brooks staring out over his team with pride as the entire team crowds together on the gold medal platform.
<EOS>
"As the story opens, free-lance writer Ross Harte is writing a magazine article on the modern detective story, and most of this article-to-be is included in the first chapter".
When a magician is found dead inside his locked and (thoroughly) sealed apartment, the police call in Merlini to help explain the impossible, "perhaps on the theory that it takes a magician to catch one".
All the suspects, however, are accustomed to producing the impossible.
They include a professional medium, an escape artist, a couple of magicians, a ventriloquist, and two people who claim to exhibit mental telepathy in their nightclub act.
The first murder victim is found spread-eagled inside a pentagram, surrounded by the trappings of black magic.
The second victim, also spread-eagled, seems to have been in two places at once during the first murder.
After a number of breakneck chases from one scene to the next, Merlini and his assistant are a couple of steps ahead of the police and provide a far-fetched but logical solution to the impossible crimes.
In between, Merlini and other characters deliver great chunks of informative conversation mixed with paragraphs of information about entirely unrelated but fascinating topics, like yogic bilocation, making the keys of a typewriter move without touching them, and even posing a tricky problem in geometry.
The action also stops for a while when Merlini quotes a well-known passage from John Dickson Carr's The Three Coffins about the nature of locked-room mystery novels, and adds some flourishes of his own in relation to the problems at hand.
The penultimate scene in which the murderer is revealed is enlivened by one of the suspects attempting (on stage) to catch a bullet in his teeth, and all is explained in the final chapter when everyone gathers at Merlini's Magic Shop in the best whodunnit tradition.
<EOS>
At the opening of the novel, he is happy in his work destroying books and never wonders about his role as a tool of thought suppression.
Several events cause him to question his existence: Over the course of the novel, Montag becomes increasingly disillusioned with the hedonistic, anti-intellectual society around him.
Bradbury emphasizes that theS.
government, in burning books, is merely expressing the will of a people whose short attention spans, indifference, and hedonism have gradually eroded any semblance of intellectualism from public life.
Schools no longer teach the humanities, children are casually violent, and adults are constantly distracted by "seashells" (small audio devices resembling earbuds) and insipid television programs displayed on wall-sized screens.
Authors and readers are regarded as pretentious and dangerous to the well-being of society.
He meets many characters that change his outlook on life such as Clarisse and Faber.
After an incident where Montag tries to read a poem to his wife's friends when they are visiting, his wife denounces their house as book-possessing.
Montag's fire chief, Beatty, tries to persuade him that books are evil, and urges him to return to the unthinking fireman mentality, but Montag refuses.
After the firehouse receives an alert, Beatty drives the fire truck to the location, which is Montag's house.
Beatty forces Montag to set fire to his own house.
After Montag is finished, Beatty confronts Montag and discovers the device he uses to communicate with Faber.
After Beatty vows to track down who was on the other line, Montag turns the fire hose on Beatty and burns him to death.
He flees through the city streets to Faber's house, with another firehouse's mechanical hound and television network helicopters in hot pursuit.
When he arrives at Faber's home, the old man tells Montag of vagabond book-lovers in the countryside.
Montag then escapes to a local river, floats downstream and meets a group of older men who, to Montag's astonishment, have memorized entire books, preserving them orally until the law against books is overturned.
The war begins.
Montag watches helplessly as jet bombers fly overhead and attack the city with nuclear weapons.
<EOS>
The film focuses on a man who visits a mystical, organic building that looks like a medieval cathedral.
As he walks through the immense structure, the light from his torch falls upon the pillars, revealing human faces.
The viewer later realizes that the faces are still alive, as several smile and open their eyes as the man walks past them.
The building's nature is partially unveiled at sunrise as the blinding light enchants the visitor and causes organic branch-like structures to burst from his chest.
These protrusions then become another set of pillars in the building.
<EOS>
The games follow the struggles of the students of the Kyokugen Karate Dojo, Ryo Sakazaki and Robert Garcia, in what appears to be the late 1970s.
Ryo is the son of the Kyokugen Karate discipline's creator, Takuma Sakazaki, and Robert is the wayward son of a billionaire family from Italy.
The initial two games are set in South Town, a common location in SNK games that is also the setting for the Fatal Fury series, while the third appears to take place in a fictitious area of Mexico.
The plot of Art of Fighting alludes to Fatal Fury.
Art of Fighting 2, for instance, documents the rise of Geese Howard, a character in Fatal Fury, from corrupt police commissioner to crime lord of Southtown.
Takuma is said to be a contemporary of Jeff Bogard, adoptive father of Fatal Fury's main heroes, Terry and Andy Bogard; Jeff Bogard's murder at the hands of Geese Howard triggers the events of the Fatal Fury series.
The Art of Fighting series originally served as a prequel to the Fatal Fury series, taking place during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
This is reflected by the characters' official birthdates in the series and given ages in each game.
This is made even more obvious with the appearance of a young Geese Howard in Art of Fighting 2.
The Hyper Neo-Geo 64 game Buriki One and the PlayStation port of features an older modern-day Ryo adopting his father's former identity of mr Karate.
While The King of Fighters series features characters from the Art of Fighting series and alludes to events occurring in the games, it follows a completely different continuity from that of the actual Art of Fighting and Fatal Fury games.
This was done so that the Art of Fighting characters could fight alongside the Fatal Fury cast and other characters without aging them; however, continue to maintain the existing stories from the other games.
<EOS>
In Ancient Egypt, Yocheved, a Hebrew mother, and her two children, Miriam and Aaron, watch as the newborn Hebrew boys are taken and ruthlessly killed as ordered by Pharaoh Seti, who fears that an alarming increase in Hebrew slaves could lead to rebellion.
Fearing for her own newborn son's safety, Yocheved places him in a basket afloat on the Nile River, not before bidding him farewell with a final but powerful lullaby.
Miriam follows the basket to the Pharaoh's palace and witnesses her baby brother safely adopted by Queen Tuya, who names him Moses.
Years later, Moses and his brother Rameses are scolded by their father for accidentally destroying a temple during one of their youthful misadventures.
At Moses' suggestion, Seti, seeking to give Rameses the opportunity to prove that he is responsible, names him Prince Regent and gives him authority over Egypt's temples.
As a tribute, the high priests Hotep and Huy offer him a beautiful young Midianite woman, Tzipporah, whom Rameses gives to Moses, appointing him Royal Chief Architect.
Later that evening, Moses follows Tzipporah as she escapes from the palace and runs into the now-adult Miriam and Aaron, but he does not recognize them.
Miriam then sings her mother's lullaby, which Moses remembers; he returns to the palace, eager to return to familiar surroundings.
The truth about his past is later confirmed by a nightmare, and finally by Seti himself, who disturbs Moses by claiming the Hebrews are "only slaves".
The next morning, Moses accidentally kills an Egyptian guard while trying to stop him from whipping a Hebrew slave.
Horrified and ashamed, Moses flees into the desert in exile, despite Rameses' pleas to stay.
While in the desert Moses defends three young girls from bandits, only to find out their older sister is Tzipporah.
Moses is welcomed by Tzipporah's father and the high priest of Midian, Jethro.
After assimilating this new culture, Moses becomes a shepherd and marries Tzipporah.
One day, while chasing a stray lamb, Moses discovers a burning bush through which God tells him to go back to Egypt and guide the Hebrew slaves to freedom.
God bestows Moses' shepherding staff with his power and promises that he will tell Moses what to say.
Moses and Tzipporah return to Egypt, where Moses is happily greeted by Rameses, who is now Pharaoh.
When Moses requests the Hebrews' release and changes his staff into an Egyptian cobra to demonstrate his alliance with God, Hotep and Huy boastfully recreate this transformation, only to have their snakes eaten by Moses' snake.
Rather than be persuaded, Rameses hardens and doubles the Hebrews' workload.
Moses inflicts nine of the Plagues of Egypt, but Rameses refuses to relent and, against Moses' warning (foreshadowing the final plague), vows to never release the Hebrew slaves.
Disheartened, Moses prepares the Hebrews for the tenth and final plague, instructing them to sacrifice a lamb and mark the doorposts with the lamb's blood.
That night, the final plague kills all the firstborn children of Egypt, including Rameses' son, while sparing those of the Hebrews.
A grief-stricken Rameses finally gives Moses permission to free the Hebrews.
Moses leaves and weeps in the streets, heartbroken at the pain he has caused his brother and Egypt.
The following morning, the Hebrews leave Egypt, led by Moses, Miriam, Aaron, and Tzipporah.
At the Red Sea, they discover that Rameses is closely pursuing them with his army.
Upon arrival, Moses uses his staff to part the sea, while a writhing pillar of fire blocks the army's way.
The Hebrews cross the open sea bottom; and when the fire vanishes and the army gives chase, the water closes over the Egyptian soldiers, sparing Rameses alone.
Moses sadly bids farewell to his brother and leads the Hebrews to Mount Sinai, where he receives the Ten Commandments.
<EOS>
The book is written in long paragraphs with extended sentences.
The general's thoughts are relayed to the reader through winding sentences which convey his desperation and loneliness alongside the atrocities and ruthless behavior that keep him in power.
One of the book's most striking aspects is its focus on the God-like status held by the protagonist and the unfathomable awe and respect with which his people regard him.
Dictators and strongmen such as Franco, Somoza, and Trujillo managed to hold sway over the populations of their nations despite internal political division.
García Márquez symbolizes this with the discovery of the dictator's corpse in the presidential palace.
<EOS>
Samantha "Sam" Montgomery lives in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed father Hal, who runs a popular sports-themed diner.
Hal soon marries an exceedingly vain, and selfish woman named Fiona, who has socially-awkward fraternal twin daughters, Brianna and Gabriella.
During the 1994 Northridge earthquake, Hal is killed when he runs to save Fiona.
Having supposedly left no will, Fiona receives all of his belongings, including the house, the diner, and to her dismay, Sam.
Eight years later, Sam is employed as a waitress at the diner to save money to attend Princeton University, but she is regularly tormented by her stepfamily: constant insulting and treat her like if they were popular, despite them being regarded as weirdos.
Sam struggles to cope socially at North Valley High School, where queen bee, cheerleader Shelby Cummings, also torments her and calls her "Diner Girl" along with other members of the popular clique.
Sam confides in her online pen pal "Nomad" about her dream to attend Princeton, a dream which he also shares.
However, Nomad's true identity is Austin Ames, the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school's football team, and Shelby's ex-boyfriend, although she refuses to accept that he has broken up with her.
The reason why he is unhappy is because Austin's father planned for him to go to the University of Southern California with a football scholarship, other than going to Princeton.
Nomad proposes that they meet in person at the school's Halloween themed homecoming dance.
On the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the dance.
Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her best friend, Carter Ferrell, to go to the dance and meet her mysterious online friend.
Rhonda, Sam's other best friend, and the rest of the diner's staff also convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the dance anyway.
Sam, wearing a mask and a beautiful white dress, meets "Nomad" at the dance, and is surprised to learn that he is Austin, who had become smitten with her upon her entrance.
The two decide to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other a little better.
While sharing a romantic dance, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love.
But just as Austin is about to unmask her, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to return to the diner before Fiona returns at midnight.
She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and drops her phone on the way out.
Austin picks up her phone and begins a desperate search to figure out who his "Cinderella" really is, but every girl at school claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone.
Sam is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he will not accept her due to her being ordinary and Austin being popular.
When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to him, but is cut off by Fiona.
Sam's stepsisters discover Sam and Austin's email relationship, and (after having failed to convince Austin that one of them is the owner of the phone) convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal Austin from her.
During a pep rally, they and the other cheerleaders humiliate Sam in front of the entire school and expose her identity as well as naming her an impostor.
Austin, hurt by Sam's secrecy, does not step up to defend her, and Sam leaves the pep rally feeling devastated.
Like Austin, Sam had been accepted to Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona into believing she was rejected, by having a fake rejection letter made.
Sam then decides to give up her dreams and resigns herself to working at the diner, but Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk not to lose hope.
When her stepsisters come in, they slam the door, causing a guitar to fall off the wall, tearing the wallpaper down with it and blame it on Sam.
Sam then sees her father's words, "Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game," and regains her confidence (in real life this quote came from Babe Ruth).
She stands up to Fiona, quits her job at the diner, and moves in with Rhonda, who also quits along with the entire diner staff, all of whom had only put up with so many years of Fiona's abuse after Hal's death for Sam's sake.
The customers, who witness the entire scene, promptly leave in disgust as well.
Before the school's homecoming football game, Sam confronts Austin about his cowardice and not defending her at the pep rally.
Before the final play of the game, he sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally stands up to his father, saying he wants to attend Princeton rather than simply play football all his life.
He chases after Sam and apologizes.
She accepts his apology and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the drought-plagued valley.
Soon after, Sam finds Hal's will hidden in her childhood fairy-tale book, stating that all of his money & possessions actually belong to her.
Since this leaves her as their rightful and legal owner, Sam sells her stepfamily's fancy cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the will as a witness but claims to have never seen it before, is arrested by the police.
Fiona, Brianna, and Gabriella are made by the District Attorney to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored to its former glory by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda.
Sam finds that she was in fact accepted by Princeton; the acceptance letter is retrieved from the garbage by her stepsisters, who knew where Fiona hid it.
Also, Austin's father comes to accept his son's desire to attend Princeton.
Things even work out in the end for Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication.
Shelby, having previously turned Carter down after he defended her at the Halloween dance, aims to pursue him since he is now popular, but after finally seeing her true colors, he turns her down for Astrid, the high school's goth DJ and announcer.
The film ends with Sam and Austin, now officially a couple, driving off to Princeton together.
<EOS>
In a parallel universe, England and Imperial Russia have fought the Crimean War for more than a century; England itself is still a parliamentary government, although heavily influenced by the Goliath Corporation (a powerful weapon-producing company with questionable morals); and Wales is a separate, socialist nation.
The book's fictional version of Jane Eyre ends with Jane accompanying her cousin, st John Rivers, to India in order to help him with his missionary work.
Literary questions (especially the question of Shakespearean authorship) are debated so hotly that they sometimes inspire gang wars and murder.
While regular law enforcement agencies still exist, new ones have also been created to deal with situations too specialized for traditional police work.
These agencies fall under the single organization SpecOps (Special Operations), with more than 20 branches, including SpecOps 12, the Chronoguard, who police all events related to time travel, and SpecOps 27, the Literary Detectives, or "LiteraTecs", who deal with all literature-related crimes.
While the Crimean War has continued, outright battle has been avoided for several years, as both sides are at a stalemate.
The war is now fought due to principle, with both sides being too stubborn to call for peace, and the Crimea has been so devastated by over 100 years of war that it is of no use to either side.
There is also a peace movement in Britain which is gaining ground in popularity.
Meanwhile, Goliath has been contracted to create a new type of handheld weapon, a plasma rifle codenamed "STONK", which threatens to reignite bloodshed, as the Russians have no equivalent, and the weapon is capable of destroying a tank with a single blast.
Goliath promises that STONK will soon be standard issue to the British Military.
Single, thirty-six-year-old Crimean War veteran and literary detective Thursday Next lives in London with her pet dodo, Pickwick.
She is privately against the continuation of the war, as her brother was killed in action and her then fiancé Landen Parke-Laine lost a leg in combat.
The trauma of the war led to the end of her relationship with Parke-Laine several years prior.
As the story begins, Thursday is temporarily promoted to assist in the capture of a wanted terrorist, her former university professor, Acheron Hades, a mysterious criminal mastermind who has no photos of himself on police record.
Thursday is therefore one of the only living people who can recognize him.
She comes close to capturing him during a stakeout.
However, unknown to them, Hades possesses several superhuman abilities, such as mental manipulation and extreme durability.
He therefore is able to withstand their gunfire and escapes, killing Thursday's entire team, and she is shot.
She is saved by a copy of Jane Eyre that stops Hades' bullet.
A mysterious stranger aids her until the paramedics arrive, leaving behind only a handkerchief monogrammed with the letters "EFR".
and a 19th-century style jacket.
Next recognizes these items as belonging to Edward Fairfax Rochester, a fictional character from Jane Eyre.
As a child, Thursday had experienced a seemingly supernatural event, whereby she was able to physically enter the world of the novel and briefly became acquainted with Rochester himself while she was there.
While recovering in hospital, she learns that, after fleeing the scene, Hades was seemingly killed in a car accident.
She also meets a time traveling future-version of herself, who warns her that Hades survived the accident, and instructs her to take a LiteraTec job in her home town of Swindon, which she does.
There, while visiting her family, she discovers that her brilliant Uncle Mycroft and Aunt Polly have created the Prose Portal, a device which allows people to enter works of fiction.
Next renews an acquaintance with Parke-Laine.
She also meets, and is forced to work with, a high ranking Goliath Operative named Jack Schitt, who is similarly investigating Hades, although he refuses to reveal why.
Hades, meanwhile, steals the original manuscript of Charles Dickens's Martin Chuzzlewit.
He also kidnaps Mycroft, Polly, and the Prose Portal in order to blackmail the literary world; any changes made to the plot of a novel's original manuscript will change all other copies.
To demonstrate his demands are serious, Hades kills Mr Quaverley, a minor character from the original manuscript of Martin Chuzzlewit.
When his demands are not met he also stages a theft of the original manuscript of "Jane Eyre", and kidnaps Jane for another ransom demand.
This causes the text of all copies of the Jane Eyre novel to abruptly end at the moment of Jane's kidnapping, roughly halfway through the book.
Next and Jack Schitt independently trace Hades to Wales, and she rescues Mycroft and the Prose Portal, and returns Jane to the novel.
However, she finds that Polly is stuck in one of Wordsworth's poems and Hades has gone into the original text of Jane Eyre carrying the scrap of paper Polly is imprisoned on.
Next is forced to pursue Hades, and after several weeks in the novel (which pass in the outside world much more quickly, as the book rewrites itself after Jane is returned) and much trouble, succeeds in killing him and recovering the poem Polly is held on.
In the process, Thornfield Hall is burned, Rochester's mad wife Bertha falls to her death, and Rochester himself is grievously injured.
Thursday also discovers that the characters in the book must continually relive their lives, with full knowledge of how events turn out, and are unable to alter any of them, meaning that Rochester must continually experience the devastating loss of Jane when she runs away from him upon discovering his secret marriage.
Thursday, who has befriended Rochester, resolves to change the ending of the book to a happy one, and is able to change events to reunite Jane and Rochester (in other words, she alters the ending of the book to match the actual ending to Jane Eyre).
Returning to her own world, Next uses the Prose Portal to release her Aunt Polly, while Jack Schitt reveals that his interest is actually in the device.
Goliath had never been able to perfect STONK into a feasible weapon.
Therefore, with their deadline to deliver the weapons to the military, had resolved to extract working STONKs from the weapon's manual, itself a work of fiction, as the weapons don't work.
Thursday reluctantly agrees to let Schitt use the portal for this endeavor, but switches the book connected to the portal to be the text of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Raven".
When the portal opens, she pushes Schitt inside, and traps him there, while Mycroft destroys the portal.
Using her new celebrity status, she enters a televised debate between supporters and opponents of the continuation of the Crimean War.
Supporters of the war assume that Goliath's plasma rifles will be sufficient to guarantee victory.
But in the debate, Next publicly reveals to the world that the plasma rifles do not work.
This forces England to rethink its position, which leads to actual peace negotiations, which effectively ends the war.
She shows up at the church where Parke-Laine is about to be married to another woman, but Rochester's lawyer interrupts the wedding and Next and Parke-Laine are reconciled and marry instead.
Next's father, a renegade agent from SpecOps-12, the ChronoGuard, turns up to dispense some fatherly advice to his daughter.
The novel ends with Next facing an uncertain future at work: public reaction to the new ending for Jane Eyre is positive, but there are other repercussions, including Goliath's fury.
<EOS>
In I Am a Cat, a supercilious, feline narrator describes the lives of an assortment of middle-class Japanese people: mr ("sneeze" is misspelled on purpose, but literally translated from , in the original Japanese) and family (the cat's owners), Sneaze's garrulous and irritating friend , and the young scholar with his will-he-won't-he courtship of the businessman's spoiled daughter,.
<EOS>
John Cassellis is a television news cameraman.
In one of the opening scenes, a group of cameramen and journalists are discussing the ethical responsibilities within their profession: When should filming a gruesome scene end and human responsibility to try to save a life begin.
As viewers we are presented with issues such as violence as spectacle, political and social discontent, extreme racism, and class divisions.
The film is constantly juggling documentary footage with feature film image.
Among his sources, Wexler uses footage from military training camps in Illinois for military troops preparing for planned demonstrations by students and anti-war activists during the Democratic National Convention later that summer.
Cassellis is seemingly hardened to ethical and social issues; he is more concerned with his personal life and pursuing audience-grabbing stories.
Yet once Cassellis finds out that his news station has been providing the stories and information gathered by the cameramen and news journalists to the FBI, he becomes enraged.
The news station creates an excuse to fire him, and Cassellis is let go.
But he soon finds another job free-lancing at the Convention.
In the course of his television job Cassellis meets Eileen and her son, Harold, who had moved from West Virginia to Chicago.
Eileen is a single mother whose husband according to their son is in "Vietnam".
Eileen tells Cassellis that her husband is dead, but it is unclear whether she really knows that to be the case.
While unemployed, Cassellis spends a lot of time with them and grows fond of them both.
The film climaxes with a scene in which Eileen is walking through rioting crowds, based on Wexler's footage of students in Chicago demonstrating during the Democratic National Convention in the summer of 1968.
Her son has gone missing and she is desperately seeking Cassellis for help, but he is filming the convention.
As a result, the fictional story and real-life brutality merge.
The director explained that he planned his principal filming schedule to coincide with the convention, expecting that a riot would occur.
The 1968 Democratic National Convention protest activity resulted in a riot.
A study team of the President's National Advisory Commission on Civil Disorders concluded (in its report Rights in Conflict) that the events "can only be called a police riot" based on massive evidence that "some policemen lost control of themselves under exceedingly provocative circumstances".
Following this, Cassellis's and Eileen's paths converge in the middle of a protest, and Cassellis escorts Eileen to his car.
As they drive to an undisclosed location, unaware that Harold has returned home, Cassellis accidentally crashes the car into a tree, killing Eileen and critically injuring himself.
The final scene, echoing the first, is of a passing driver stopping to photograph the accident, after which he leaves the heavily damaged car behind.
<EOS>
During the Human/Skaarjj war, the New Earth Government was formed.
Mining was the primary method of financing the war, though was unpopular with the working class, who grew weary of the working conditions and the war.
The humans were losing the war, and riots broke out.
The Terran system was surrounded by Skaarj forces, but a government team destroyed their Queen Ship, and the Skaarj withdrew.
Afterward, mining incidents were on the increase, and efforts to deal with them were unsuccessful.
The government then came up with the idea of giving the violence an outlet instead.
"Consensual murder" was legalized, enabling people to fight to the death under organized conditions.
Mining conglomerates organized leagues, which proved successful.
The Liandri Mining Corporation capitalized on the fights by tri-casting them.
This proved to be more popular than the combat itself, their popularity increasing with brutality.
By 2341, what is now called the "Tournament" has become more popular than mining.
Liandri Mining Corporation annually hosts the "Grand Tournament", the most popular event.
<EOS>
The series focuses mainly on newlyweds Paul Buchman, a documentary filmmaker, and Jamie Stemple Buchman, a public relations specialist, as they deal with everything from humorous daily minutiae to major struggles.
Near the end of the show's run, they have a baby daughter, whom they name Mabel.
<EOS>
Frank Ryan is an almost honest used car salesman, who after deliberately not testifying against car thief Ernest "Stick" Stickley, Jr, thinks of a foolproof plan for them to perform armed robberies.
The plan is about simple everyday armed robbery.
Supermarkets, bars, liquor stores, gas stations, etc.
Because the statistics prove that this armed robbery pays the most for the least amount of risk, they start their business and earn three to five thousand dollars a week.
To prevent getting caught Frank introduces 10 golden rules for successful armed robbery: For a while, Frank and Stick are able to follow the rules and the plan and they are extremely successful.
They even rob the robber who just robbed the bar they were in.
But, inevitably, the rules start falling by the wayside and when they see a chance for a big score, the rules go out the window, with predictably disastrous results.
<EOS>
The Voltars want to conquer the planet Earth as a base for their planned invasion of the galactic centre.
The Voltars are convinced that Earth is about to destroy itself through pollution and possibly war, which would disrupt the future timetable of conquest.
Fleet Combat Engineer Jettero Heller, a character of perfection, incorruptibility, and astonishing ability, is assigned to prevent the destruction of Earth.
Reaching New York City, he investigates the problem, unaware that he is being tracked and that factions on Voltar want his mission to fail.
Unknown to Heller, Earth is also the base of a secret operation conducted by the diabolically evil Lombar Hisst, Commander of the Apparatus, who seeks to usurp the Voltar throne.
To gain control, Hisst has been importing illegal narcotic drugs from Earth to enslave the heads of government on Voltar.
Hisst works to make Heller fail in his mission.
Hisst assigns a stooge named Soltan Gris to supervise the mission to Earth, in order to sabotage it.
Gris finds himself in possession of twelve tons of pure gold, which he tries to launder through a Swiss bank account and keep for himself; he becomes a prisoner of two man-hating lesbians who end up marrying him, but not before various tortures are inflicted upon him.
He has terrible money and girlfriend troubles, and he hires a hit man who eventually targets him.
Heller discovers a conspiracy headed by Delbert John Rockecenter who keeps the population of Earth sedated with drugs and rock and roll music.
Heller's attempts to break the demonic control of Earth by Rockecenter make him a target, and the corporation uses its most dangerous weapons to destroy him: psychiatry and psychology, and a mad, idealistic public relations genius by the name of Walter Madison.
Madison initiates a wide-reaching public relations campaign to make Heller known to the world as the "Whiz Kid", but results in destroying Heller's reputation so that all of Heller's efforts to save the planet come to naught, as Madison's employer, Rockecenter, wanted.
Fortunately, Heller's outstanding skills and abilities are reinforced by the arrival on Earth of his fiancée, the Countess Krak, and the alliance and friendship of the Mafia—specifically the Corleone family.
After a series of world-shattering events, which include the impact of an ice meteor on the Soviet Union, the world's entire oil supply being turned radioactive, and a black hole orbiting the Earth, Heller returns to Voltar to find that not only have Hisst's plans to enslave the government nearly succeeded, but Madison is starting a galactic civil war.
After the defeat of Hisst and Madison, a massive cover-up operation commences to wipe out the effects of PR, psychology and psychiatry.
All mention of these subjects is censored and the planet Earth is eradicated from all star charts and similar items.
As far as the Voltarans are concerned, planet Earth no longer exists.
<EOS>
The novel is written largely from the point of view of the narrator, a young, aspiring writer and playwright in London.
Certain chapters entirely comprise accounts of events by other characters, which the narrator recalls from memory (selectively editing or elaborating on certain aspects of dialogue, particularly Strickland's, as Strickland is said by the narrator to have a very poor ability to express himself in words).
The narrator first develops an acquaintance with Strickland's wife at literary parties, and later meets Strickland himself, who appears to be an unremarkable businessman with no interest in his wife's literary or artistic tastes.
Strickland is a well-off, middle-class stockbroker in London sometime in late 19th or early 20th century.
Early in the novel, he leaves his wife and children and goes to Paris.
(The narrator enters directly into the story at this point, when he is asked by Mrs Strickland to go to Paris and talk with her husband) He lives a destitute but defiantly content life there as an artist (specifically a painter), lodging in run-down hotels and falling prey to both illness and hunger.
Strickland, in his drive to express through his art what appears to continually possess and compel him on the inside, cares nothing for physical discomfort and is indifferent to his surroundings.
He is helped and supported by a commercially successful but hackneyed Dutch painter, Dirk Stroeve (coincidentally, also an old friend of the narrator's), who recognises Strickland's genius as a painter.
After helping Strickland recover from a life-threatening illness, Stroeve is repaid by having his wife, Blanche, abandon him for Strickland.
Strickland later discards the wife; all he really sought from Blanche was a model to paint, not serious companionship, and it is hinted in the novel's dialogue that he indicated this to her and she took the risk anyway.
Blanche then commits suicide – yet another human casualty in Strickland's single-minded pursuit of art and beauty; the first casualties being his own established life and those of his wife and children.
After the Paris episode, the story continues in Tahiti.
Strickland has already died, and the narrator attempts to piece together his life there from recollections of others.
He finds that Strickland had taken up a native woman, had two children by her, one of whom dies, and started painting profusely.
We learn that Strickland had settled for a short while in the French port of Marseilles before traveling to Tahiti, where he lived for a few years before dying of leprosy.
Strickland left behind numerous paintings, but his magnum opus, which he painted on the walls of his hut before losing his sight to leprosy, was burnt after his death by his wife per his dying orders.
<EOS>
Eve Owens, a British film star who is now in her mid-forties and who has settled down in the small village of Bamford, invites her cousin Meredith Mitchell to her daughter Sara's wedding, which is to take place in a couple of weeks' time in the old village church.
But shortly after Mitchell's arrival one of Eve Owens's neighbours, a young artist called Philip Lorrimer, is found dead in his cottage—poisoned.
The autopsy reveals that it has been a slow death, that Lorrimer has been poisoned over a longer period of time.
At first there are no suspects, especially as no one seems to have had a motive for killing Lorrimer.
But when one night Lorrimer's 80-year-old neighbour Bert Yewell is slain in his pyjamas next to his garden shed, it becomes clear that Yewell must have known a secret which he was about to give away.
In the end, it turns out that Eve Owens, her daughter, and one of the guests staying at Owens's house are not as innocent as they seemed at the beginning.
<EOS>
Andrew Beckett is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia.
Beckett hides his homosexuality and his status as an AIDS patient from the other members of the firm.
On the day Beckett is assigned the firm's newest and most important case, a partner in the firm notices a lesion on Beckett's forehead.
Although Beckett attributes the lesion to a racquetball injury, it is actually due to Kaposi's Sarcoma, a form of cancer marked by multiple tumors on the lymph nodes and skin.
Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions.
While at home, he finishes the paperwork for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the paperwork the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case.
Later that morning he receives a call asking for the paperwork, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer's hard drive.
The paperwork is finally discovered in an alternate location and is filed with the court at the last possible moment.
The following day Beckett is fired by the firm's partners.
Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm an excuse to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS.
He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller.
The homophobic Miller appears to be worried that he could contract Beckett's illness.
After declining to take the case, Miller immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the disease.
The doctor explains that the routes of HIV infection do not include casual contact.
Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney.
While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table.
After a library employee stares down Miller, presumably because Miller is black, a librarian approaches Beckett and announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for him.
As others in the library begin to first stare uneasily, the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room.
Disgusted by the other people's behavior and seeing the parallels in how he himself has been unfairly treated, Miller approaches Beckett, reviews the material he has gathered, and takes the case.
As the case goes before the court, the partners of the firm take the stand, each claiming that Beckett was incompetent and that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition.
The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett brought AIDS upon himself by having gay sex, and is therefore not a victim.
In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett's lesion, Walter Kenton, had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so should have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS.
According to that partner, the woman was an innocent victim, unlike Beckett, and further testified that he did not recognize Beckett's lesions.
To prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions are indeed visible and recognizable as such.
Beckett eventually collapses during the trial.
After Beckett is hospitalized, another partner, Bob Seidman, who noticed Beckett's lesions confesses that he suspected Beckett had AIDS but never told anyone and never gave him the opportunity to explain himself, which he regretted very much.
During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages.
Miller visits the visibly failing Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett's face.
After Beckett's family leaves the room, he tells his partner Miguel that he is ready to die.
At the Miller home, Joe and his wife are awakened by a phone call from Miguel, presumably to tell them that Beckett has died.
A reception is held at Beckett's home following the funeral, where many mourners, including Miller, view home movies of Beckett as a happy child.
<EOS>
In 1982, Johnny and Sarah Sullivan and their daughters Christy and Ariel enter the United States on a tourist visa from Ireland via Canada, where Johnny was working as an actor.
The family settles in New York City, in a rundown Hell's Kitchen tenement occupied by drug addicts, transvestites, and a reclusive Nigerian artist/photographer named Mateo Kuamey.
Hanging over the family is the death of their five-year-old son Frankie, who died from a brain tumor.
The devout Roman Catholic Johnny questions God and has lost any ability to feel true emotions, which has affected his relationship with his family.
Christy believes she has been granted three wishes by her dead brother, which she only uses at times of near-dire consequences for the family as they try to survive in New York.
After finding the apartment, Sarah gets a job in the local ice cream parlor to support the family while Johnny auditions for any role for which he is suited, with no success.
Despite their poverty, the initial joy of being in the United States and the closeness of the family gives them the energy to make the most of what they have, and Christy chronicles the events of their life with a cherished camcorder.
But as money runs low and the city's temperatures soar, tensions between Johnny and Sarah begin to rise with them.
Not helping their financial and emotional strain is the discovery that Sarah is pregnant.
Johnny finds work as a cab driver to augment their income and help pay for the girls' Catholic school tuition.
On Halloween, the girls become friendly with Mateo when they knock at his door to trick-or-treat.
Despite Johnny's reticence about the somewhat imposing and forbidding man, Sarah invites him to their apartment for dinner, and eventually they learn that the man is sad and lonely because he is dying of AIDS.
So the Sullivan family goes to the movies to seeT.
the Extra-Terrestrial.
Later, Mateo falls down a flight of stairs and is knocked unconscious.
Christy tries to resuscitate him using CPR, although she is warned away from him by the other residents, who seem to be aware that he is HIV-positive.
The man's condition continues to deteriorate as Sarah's fetus develops.
The baby is born prematurely and in poor health, and is in need of a blood transfusion.
Johnny and Sarah are ultimately nervous not only about the baby's survival chances, but also of the skyrocketing hospital bills that will now need to be paid following the baby's delivery, causing Sarah to have a brief nervous breakdown and blame Johnny for Frankie's death, and tearfully berates him.
However, after calming her down, Johnny and Sarah agree to the blood transfusion but without giving the baby "bad blood," as using hospital blood banks was the source of Mateo's contraction of HIV.
Shortly, it is discovered that Christy has a compatible blood type to donate with, and Mateo's death coincides with the first healthy movements of the infant following a blood transfusion from Christy.
After the successful operation, the family is startled to learn that Mateo had settled and paid for their astronomical hospital bill before he had died, upon the discovery that Mateo was in possession of a large trust fund he never spent.
In return for his generous act, they give the newborn baby girl the middle name of Mateo in gratitude and to honour his memory.
With the birth of the new baby and the death of Mateo, Johnny finally is able to overcome his lack of emotion and put his grieving for Frankie to rest.
He also finally catches a break by getting a small role in A Chorus Line on Broadway.
The film ends after a baby shower at the apartment is held for the Sullivan family with many of the apartment tenants present to celebrate, and Christy and the rest of her family overlook the view of the city and look out for Mateo in the night's sky.
<EOS>
The story is told in a non-linear manner.
The following is a chronological summary of the plot:  Jack Jordan is a former convict who is using his new-found religious faith to recover from drug addiction and alcoholism.
Paul Rivers is a mathematics professor with a dedicated wife, Mary Rivers, and a fatal heart condition.
Unless he receives a new heart from an organ donor, he will not live longer than one month.
Paul's wife wants him to donate his sperm so she can have his baby even if he dies.
Cristina Peck is a recovering drug addict and now lives a normal suburban life with a supportive husband and two children.
She is a loving mother and active swimmer who has left her days of drugs and booze behind.
These three separate stories/characters become tied together one evening when Jack kills Cristina's husband and children in a hit-and-run accident.
Her husband's heart is donated to Paul, who begins his recovery.
Cristina is devastated by the loss and returns to drugs and alcohol.
Paul is eager to begin normal life again, but he hesitantly agrees to his wife's idea of surgery and artificial insemination as a last-ditch effort to get pregnant.
During consultations with a doctor before the surgery, Paul learns that his wife had undergone an abortion after they had separated in the past.
Angered, Paul ends the relationship.
He becomes very inquisitive about whose heart he has.
He learns from a private detective that the heart belonged to Cristina's husband and begins to follow the widowed Cristina around town.
Jack is stricken with guilt following the accident and starts using drugs again.
Despite his wife's protests to keep quiet and conceal his guilt, Jack tells her that his "duty is to God" and turns himself in.
While incarcerated, he claims that God had betrayed him, loses his will to live and tries unsuccessfully to commit suicide.
He is released after Cristina declines to press charges, as she realizes that putting Jack in prison will not bring her family back.
When Jack is released, he is unable to reincorporate himself into normal family life, and instead leaves home to live as a transient, working in manual labor.
Paul finds an opportunity to meet Cristina and eventually reveals how the two of them are connected.
She is initially furious and forces him out, but quickly reconsiders.
Desperately needing one another, they continue their relationship.
Though Paul has a new heart, his body is rejecting the transplant and his outlook is grim.
As Cristina begins to dwell more on her changed life and the death of her girls, she becomes obsessed with exacting revenge on Jack.
She goads Paul into agreeing to murder him.
Paul meets with the private detective who originally found Cristina for him.
He tells Paul that Jack is living in a motel and sells Paul a gun.
Paul and Cristina check into the motel where Jack is staying.
When Jack is walking alone, Paul grabs him and leads him out into a clearing at gunpoint with the intention of killing him.
However, Paul is unable to kill Jack, who himself is confused, shaking and pleading during the event.
Paul tells Jack to "just disappear," then returns to the motel, lying to Cristina about Jack's death.
Later that night, while they are sleeping, Paul and Cristina are awakened by a noise outside their door.
It's Jack, who, still consumed by guilt, orders Paul to kill him and end his misery.
There is a struggle, and Cristina blind-sides Jack and begins to beat him with a wooden lamp.
Paul collapses, gets hold of the gun, and shoots himself.
Jack and Cristina rush Paul to the hospital.
Jack tells the police that he was the one who shot Paul, but is released when his story cannot be confirmed.
Paul dies, and the conflict between Cristina and Jack remains unresolved (they meet in the waiting room after Paul's death; if they converse, it is not shown).
When she offers to donate blood for Paul in the hospital, Cristina learns that she is pregnant.
After Paul's death, Cristina is seen tentatively preparing for the new child in one of her daughter's bedrooms, which she had previously been unable to enter after her daughter's death.
Jack is shown returning to his family.
<EOS>
Unlucky Bernie Lootz (William Macy) has little positive going for him: he lives in a dreary place—a studio apartment in a run-down motel near the Las Vegas Strip; he can't recall the last time he had physical contact with a woman; he's indebted to the Shangri-La casino boss Shelly Kaplow (Alec Baldwin), who years earlier cured him of a gambling habit by breaking his kneecap.
Kaplow had also paid Lootz' casino debts, and Bernie has been working off that large debt to Shelly for several years and the debt is nearly paid off.
Lootz is weary of the casino business, and tells Kaplow he is leaving Las Vegas soon.
His future success as a luck "cooler" is changed when cocktail waitress Natalie Belisario (Maria Bello) seemingly takes an interest in him, and his luck&nbsp;— and that of those around him&nbsp;— takes a turn for the better.
What Bernie doesn't know yet is that Shelly has paid Natalie to seduce him into staying and working at the Shangri-La.
What Shelly doesn't know is that Natalie actually has fallen in love with Bernie, and vice versa.
Additional complications arise when Shelly, a relative old-timer who resents the Disneyfication of Vegas, resists the efforts of new Shangri-La owner advisers, including Ivy League graduate and condescending upstart Larry Sokolov (Ron Livingston), to update the casino hotel property and bring it into the 21st century.
Lootz also learns his seldom-seen adult son is back in town, and, with his wife, is interfering with the operations at the Shangri La.
Though Shelly still has the backing of certain mob associates, such as gangster Nicky Fingers, the growing power of the new young Ivy League casino owners is lessening his power grip on the casino and the business he truly loves.
<EOS>
Thirteen-year-old Tracy Freeland begins her school year as a smart and sweet honor student at a middle school in Los Angeles.
Her divorced mother Melanie is a recovering alcoholic, who struggles to support Tracy and her older brother Mason by working as a hairdresser.
Tracy feels ignored by her mother, who is too busy with her fellow ex-addict boyfriend Brady to address Tracy's increasing depression.
After being teased for her "Cabbage Patch" clothes, Tracy decides to shed her 'little girl' image and gets her mother to purchase trendier clothes.
When Tracy wears one of her new outfits to school, she is complimented by Evie Zamora, one of the most popular girls at school.
Evie invites Tracy to go shopping on Melrose Avenue in Hollywood but gives her a fake phone number as a prank.
Nevertheless, Tracy determinedly shows up on Melrose Avenue and meets up with Evie and her friend Astrid.
Tracy is uncomfortable with the two shoplifting and excuses herself to sit outside the store on a bench.
When a distracted rich woman sits next to Tracy, Tracy takes the chance to steal the woman's wallet, which impresses Evie and Astrid.
The three go on a shopping spree with the stolen money and Tracy and Evie become fast friends.
Evie introduces Tracy to her world of sex, drugs, and criminal activity, much to Tracy's delight.
When Evie tells Melanie that her legal guardian/cousin Brooke sent her an email, about going to a convention in Bakersfield for two weeks, she temporarily moves into the Freeland household and discovers that Tracy regularly cuts herself to cope with stress.
The two promise to stay friends forever and continue with their self destructive exploits.
Although Melanie is concerned about the change in Tracy's behavior and worries about the extent of Evie's influence, she cannot find a way to intervene.
Melanie attempts to send Evie home but Evie claims her guardian's boyfriend is physically abusive.
A torn Melanie reluctantly agrees to let her stay.
As Tracy and Evie become closer, Tracy shuts Melanie further out of her life.
Evie and Tracy get increasingly out of control, each egging the other on.
The pair attempt to seduce Tracy's neighbor Luke, a lifeguard in his early twenties, and ditch a family movie night to get high on the streets.
Mason is shocked when he bumps into Tracy wearing sexualized clothing, including thong underwear, but Tracy dismisses his concerns.
Later on, the girls take turns inhaling from a can of gas duster for computers for fun and become so intoxicated that they hit each other, accidentally drawing blood.
Melanie attempts to break the girl's friendship by sending Tracy to live with her father but he refuses.
Meanwhile, Melanie goes over to Brooke's house, with Tracy and Evie, to find out what is going on, because she's been calling Brooke for two weeks.
They find that Brooke was hiding because of bad plastic surgery she received.
Evie asks Melanie to formally adopt her but Melanie refuses.
Tracy meekly supports her mother's decision.
Angry and hurt, a tearful Evie storms off.
At school, Evie turns all her friends against Tracy and, depressed, Tracy slowly begins to realize the negative effects of her lifestyle when she is told she might have to repeat the seventh grade.
To her surprise, Brady finds her walking home from school and takes her home where Melanie, Evie, and Brooke are sitting quietly in the living room waiting for her.
Brooke confronts Tracy about her drug use and stealing, having been convinced that Tracy was the bad influence by Evie.
Outraged, Tracy insists that Evie was the instigator to everything, but the skeptic Brooke refuses to listen and announces that she is moving Evie to Ojai to keep her away from Tracy.
Melanie defends Tracy's innocence but then Brooke pulls Tracy's sleeve up to show Melanie Tracy's self-harm scars, showing that Tracy was troubled long before she ever met Evie.
After a screaming match, Brooke and Evie leave.
Tracy weeps in Melanie's arms and attempts to fight against her mother's love, but Melanie embraces her and insists that she loves Tracy regardless.
Tracy tearfully pleads with Melanie to let go, with no success.
The two fall asleep on Tracy's bed.
The last scene shows a dream sequence of Tracy spinning alone and screaming on a park merry-go-round during the daytime.
<EOS>
April Burns, the eldest daughter in a highly dysfunctional family, lives in a small tenement apartment on the Lower East Side of Manhattan with her boyfriend Bobby.
Although estranged from her family, she opts to invite them for Thanksgiving dinner, probably the last for her mother Joy, who has breast cancer.
The film focuses on three journeys: the family's arduous trek from suburbia to New York City, punctuated by stops for Krispy Kreme doughnuts, bagels, Joy's frequent need for a restroom or a joint to ease her pain, a burial service for an animal they hit, and various arguments and recriminations, as well as discussions of their disappointment in April; Bobby's efforts to find a suit so he can make a good impression on his girlfriend's relatives; and April's preparations for the meal, a near disaster when she discovers her oven is broken.
With the help of various neighbors, she manages to assemble dinner, while learning to appreciate the importance of family and making some new friends in the process.
<EOS>
The Tracy family, led by former astronaut Jeff Tracy, operate International Rescue, a secret organization that aids those in need using the technologically advanced machines called Thunderbirds.
The youngest son Alan lives at a boarding school on the mainland dreaming of being a Thunderbird pilot.
He and his friend Fermat Hackenbacker, son of the Thunderbirds’ engineer Brains, are picked up by Lady Penelope Creighton-Ward and her butler Aloysius Parker.
Lady Penelope is an International Rescue agent, travelling to Tracy Island in the South Pacific in her limo FAB 1.
The Thunderbirds return from an oil rig fire, but Alan and Fermat play around in Thunderbird 1, discovering a strange compound splattered on the side.
Unbeknownst to them, the compound is a tracking beacon being used by the Hood, a psychic criminal mastermind who has a vendetta against Jeff for not saving him in a collapsing diamond mine while his brother Kyrano was rescued.
The next day, the Hood’s submarine locates Tracy Island and fires a missile at the orbiting Thunderbird 5, sending the Tracys in Thunderbird 3 to rescue John Tracy.
The Hood and his minions Mullion and Transom take over the island’s command centre, imprisoning the Tracys in Thunderbird 5 with depleting oxygen.
The Hood reveals he plans to use the Thunderbirds to rob the major banks of the world.
Alan, Fermat, and their friend Tin-Tin, Kyrano’s daughter, escape in the ventilation to the Thunderbird silos.
Fermat removes Thunderbird 2s guidance chip, the teenagers flee into the island’s jungle.
While traversing the jungle to find the island’s remote transmitter, Tin-Tin displays psychic powers like her uncle.
Contacting Thunderbird 5, Jeff tells them to wait for Lady Penelope’s arrival.
The trio flee from Mullion, but Fermat and Tin-Tin are captured when Alan tries to pilot them to safety on hovercraft.
Lady Penelope and Parker arrive, engaging the Hood’s minions in combat, but the Hood defeats them with his powers.
Alan appears, the Hood forcing him to hand over the guidance chip, locking him and the others in the island’s freezer.
The Hood, Mullion, and Transom pilot Thunderbird 2 to London, using the Mole to drill into the Bank of England’s vaults but sink a monorail.
Alan and co.
escape confinement and contact the Tracys, who regain control of Thunderbird 5 and head off to stop the Hood, while the teenagers, Lady Penelope, and Parker fly to London in Thunderbird 1.
Arriving in London, Alan and Tin-Tin rescue the monorail using the aquatic Thunderbird 4 before going after the Hood.
The Hood locks Jeff and Lady Penelope in a vault, challenging Alan to defeat him.
Alan dangles from a catwalk over the Mole, but Tin-Tin appears, using her own powers to turn the tables on the Hood, who is rescued by Alan as per his family’s beliefs.
The Hood and his minions are arrested, while the Tracys return to their island home.
Alan, Fermat, and Tin-Tin are inducted as official members of International Rescue, and depart for their first mission.
<EOS>
Thousands of years ago, six civilizations coexisted on floating continents in the titular skies of Arcadia, a world with no apparent surface that is orbited by six moons of different colors.
The civilizations, one of which existed for each moon, developed technologically to the point where each created a Gigas, a colossal living weapon of mass destruction, as well as the Moon Crystals that could be used to control them.
Using the Gigas, the civilizations warred with one another, which caused enormous environmental harm and threatened the extinction of all six.
The most advanced, the Silver Civilization, used their Gigas to summon the Rains of Destruction, which pulled meteors from the orbiting moons and crashed them down onto the planet's surface.
The catastrophic destruction stopped the rampage of the Gigas, as well as nearly destroyed the other five civilizations, thus ending the war.
A seal was placed on the Silver Gigas to prevent the Rains from being used again, and the Moon Crystals were hidden away.
In present time, the militant and tyrannical Valuan Empire, led by Empress Teodora, seeks the Moon Crystals to awaken the Gigas and take over the world.
Valua's will is enforced through the Valuan Armada, a fleet of iron-clad warships led by senior admiral Galcian and vice admiral Ramirez under the authority of the Empress.
They are primarily opposed by the Blue Rogues, a faction of air pirates who make it a point to harass the Armada as much as possible.
Fina, a girl from the Silver Civilization, is sent to find the Moon Crystals before the Valuans and bring them to a safe place.
She is quickly captured by an admiral of the Armada, then rescued by a group of Blue Rogues, among them fellow protagonists Vyse and Aika.
Although the shy and withdrawn Fina is initially reluctant to trust Vyse and Aika, she opens up to them after she is recaptured by the Armada, but again rescued.
Vyse and Aika agree to join Fina on her mission to gather the Moon Crystals.
Accompanied by an initially uninterested old fisherman and ship's captain named Drachma, the trio recover the Red Moon Crystal from a temple in the desert nation of Nasr and, shortly afterward, find the Green Moon Crystal high above Ixa'taka, a continent of lush forests.
In both lands, the Blue Rogues foil Valuan operations.
Vyse is separated from Aika and Fina when Drachma's ship, the Little Jack, is severely damaged in a Valuan attack.
Vyse ends up stranded on a small island, named Crescent Island, where he manages to uncover letters and a map left behind by another pirate who was seeking a great treasure.
Vyse is later found by a fellow Blue Rogue named Gilder, who takes him aboard to help him search for his friends.
Meanwhile, Aika and Fina end up in the care of another Blue Rogue, the lady pirate Clara, who takes them to Nasr to help them find clues as to where to find Vyse.
In Nasr, Aika and Fina find out about the same treasure Vyse read up on, and leave to pursue it.
The three soon reunite, along with Gilder, but are then captured by vice admiral Ramirez and brought to the Valuans' impenetrable prison fortress.
By enlisting the aid of the Valuan prince Enrique, who has lost patience with his government's tyranny, and stealing a powerful Valuan warship named the Delphinus, the Blue Rogues are able to escape.
Vyse brings everyone back to Crescent Island, upon which he formally establishes a base of operations and living quarters for he and his fellow shipmates.
Using the Delphinus's advanced technology to reach previously inaccessible areas of the world, Vyse and crew recover the Blue Moon Crystal from the eastern Oriental land of Yafutoma, as well as the Purple Moon Crystal from the southern glacial content of Glacia.
After obtaining the Yellow Moon Crystal from the Valuan continent, Vyse and crew retrieve Fina's personal ship, which was lost upon her initial capture by the Valuans, and which she needs to bring the Moon Crystals to the Silver Civilization, which exists in an immense shrine that orbits Arcadia.
However, Ramirez's fleet assaults the Blue Rogues and he steals all of their Moon Crystals.
Vyse, Aika, Fina, and Gilder travel to the Great Silver Shrine in orbit to confer with the elders; they are followed by Galcian and Ramirez, who assassinate the leader of the Silvite elders and from his body extract the final Moon Crystal.
Galcian and Ramirez use the six Moon Crystals to raise the lost Silver continent of Soltis and break the seal on the Silver Gigas.
They then use the Rains of Destruction to annihilate the Valuan capital, killing Empress Teodora and seizing control of the Valuan Armada in a bid to dominate the world.
Vyse rallies a fleet of Blue Rogues, as well as Yafutoman warships and ships from other regions of the world, to battle the Valuan Armada.
In the ensuing struggle, the crew of the Delphinus disables Galcian's capital ship, an armored floating fortress known as the Hydra.
Vyse and his friends board the ship and defeat Galcian; however, Galician attempts to escape, but is stopped by Admiral Belleza, who has had a change of heart and sacrifies her ship and her life to kill them both.
Ramirez, who has retreated into Soltis, grows enraged at Galcian's death, and prepares to use the Rains of Destruction to wipe out the Blue Rogue fleet.
Before he can do so, he is stopped by the Silvites, who sacrifice their lives to take down the protective shield around Soltis.
Vyse and his friends enter Soltis and battle Ramirez, who then merges with the Silver Gigas, Zelos, allowing it to awaken.
Returning to the Delphinus, Vyse and his crew do battle with Zelos and manage to defeat the Gigas before it gains its full strength.
Vyse and his crew rush to the outer deck, where a chunk of Zelos, merged with Ramirez and controlling him, slams onto the Delphinus's deck.
Vyse and his crew battle Ramirez-Zelos one final time, a fight which ultimately results in Ramirez's death and the complete defeat of the Valuan Armada.
Vyse, Aika, and Fina, in a showing of honor and respect of all pirates, takes the Silvite piece left from Ramirez's body and bury it out at sea; a code of respect all pirates follow.
Enrique, the prince of Valua, marries his love interest, a princess of Yafutoma, and becomes emperor of Valua.
With a promise of benevolent rule, he and his wife oversee the reconstruction of the Valuan capital.
Vyse and Aika formally inaugurate Fina as a Blue Rogue, and together the three friends sail their own ship into the sunset.
As the post-game credits roll, an epilogue briefly details the fates and further adventures of each member of the Delphinus's crew.
<EOS>
It is the late 1940s and early 1950s, and much has happened to the family of Russian Jewish immigrant Sam Krichinsky since he first arrived in America in 1914 and eventually settled in Baltimore.
Television is new.
Neighborhoods are changing, with more and more families moving to the suburbs.
Wallpaper has been Sam's profession, but his son Jules wants to try his hand at opening a large discount-appliance store with his cousin, Izzy, maybe even do their own commercials on TV.
Jules and his wife, Ann, still live with his parents, but Ann is quietly enduring the way that her opinionated mother-in-law Eva dominates the household.
Ann is a modern woman who even learns to drive a car, although Eva refuses to ride with her and takes a streetcar instead.
Michael gets stung by bees, and cries a bit.
The family contributes to a fund to bring more relatives to America.
Slights, real or imagined, concern the family, as when Jules and Ann finally move to the suburbs, a long way for their relatives to travel.
After arriving late and finding a Thanksgiving turkey has been carved without him, Uncle Gabriel is offended and storms out, beginning a feud with Sam.
Sam also cannot understand the methods his grandson Michael's teachers use in school, or why Jules and Izzy have changed their surnames to Kaye and Kirk as they launch their business careers.
But when various crises develop, including an armed holdup and a devastating fire, the family members generally see them through together.
<EOS>
Jake Van Dorn (George Scott) is a prosperous local businessman in Grand Rapids, Michigan who has strong Calvinist convictions.
A single parent, Van Dorn is the father of a seemingly quiet, conservative teenage girl, Kristen, who inexplicably disappears when she goes on a church-sponsored trip to Bellflower, California.
Andy Mast (Peter Boyle), a strange private investigator from Los Angeles, is then hired to find her, eventually turning up an 8mm stag film of his daughter with two young men.
Van Dorn then suspects that his daughter was kidnapped and forced to join California's porno underworld.
His quest to rescue her takes him on an odyssey through this sleazy adult subculture.
With no results from the PI, the Los Angeles Police Department, or even from Los Angeles' sex shop keepers and "rap parlor" women, a desperate Van Dorn ends up posing as a pornography producer in the Los Angeles Free Press, hoping to find information about his daughter.
A scraggly actor named "Jism Jim", who was in the film with Kristen, knows where she might be and sends him to a sometime porno actress/hooker named Niki (Season Hubley).
Van Dorn hires Niki to accompany him on the search for Kristen.
Chasing a rumor that Kristen was now filming porn in Mexico, their uneasy alliance moves from Los Angeles to San Diego, gradually warming up to each other: Niki feels protected by Van Dorn because he is a man who doesn't see her as merely a sex object, and he is able to speak openly to her about his deepest feelings, such as his wife leaving him.
The unlikely pair ends in San Francisco where Van Dorn finds that Kristen may be in the hands of Ratan, a very dangerous S & M porn player who deals in the world of "snuff movies".
Yet when Niki refuses to give the address of a porn industry player to Van Dorn, he loses his temper and strikes her.
He immediately regrets his action, but the rapport between Van Dorn and Niki is clearly damaged.
Van Dorn finds the player, "Tod", in a bondage house and forces Tod to tell him where Ratan hangs out.
Van Dorn and Mast track Ratan to a nightclub where he and Kristen are observing a live sex show.
When Van Dorn confronts Ratan, Kristen flees and Ratan slashes Van Dorn with a knife.
Mast shoots and kills Ratan.
Van Dorn tells Kristen he'll take her home from the people he believes forced her into pornography.
However, she responds with anger, stating that she entered porn of her own free will as a way to rebel against her conservative upbringing and now felt loved and appreciated in a way that the emotionally distant Van Dorn never offered.
Despondent and tearful, Van Dorn promises to leave her alone if she truly prefers, but she relents and says she wants him to stay.
The film ends on a bittersweet note: there is hope that father and daughter can repair their relationship, but Niki refuses to speak to Van Dorn and walks away, clearly resigned to her life on the streets as it is the only life she has.
<EOS>
"Big" Jim Stevens (Edward G Robinson), undisputed boss of the Chicago underworld, gets an unexpected birthday present from his ambitious lieutenant, Guy Gisborne (Peter Falk).
Instead of a stripper popping out of the cake, Big Jim gets shot by all the guests.
With the mob boss out of the way, Gisborne takes over.
He orders all the other gangsters in town to pay him protection money, but declares it's still "All for One".
The news does not sit well with Big Jim's fellow gangster, Robbo, and a gangland war breaks out.
Robbo (Frank Sinatra) recruits pool hustler Little John (Dean Martin), who demonstrates his billiards skills while singing "A Man Who Loves His Mother," plus quick-draw artist Will (Sammy Davis Jr) and a few other hoods, but they are still greatly outnumbered.
In addition, the corrupt Sheriff Octavius Glick is on Gisborne's payroll.
Gisborne and Robbo come up with the same idea, to destroy the other's gambling joint on the same night, with Will enjoying every moment of shooting up Gisborne's place ("Bang.
Bang.
").
Big Jim's refined, educated daughter, Marian (Barbara Rush), shows up.
She asks Robbo to avenge her father's death (wrongfully attributed to the sheriff), a request which Robbo flatly refuses.
Gisborne disposes of the sheriff.
Marian then invites Robbo to dinner and gives him $50,000, falsely assuming that Robbo did as she had asked.
Robbo refuses the money, so Marian attempts to seduce him into joining forces to take over the whole town.
Robbo turns her down.
When she sends the money to his under-repair gambling club, Robbo donates it to a boys' orphanage.
Alan Dale (Bing Crosby), the orphanage's director, notifies the newspapers about this good deed.
A new Chicago star is born: a gangster who robs from the rich and gives to the poor.
Robbo finds it useful to have the public on his side.
He invites the delighted Dale to join his gang, having him handle all the charities.
Dale starts the Robbo Foundation and opens a string of soup kitchens, free clinics and orphan shelters.
He even gives green, feathered hats and bows and arrows to the orphans, while thoroughly milking the Robin Hood image.
In the meantime, Robbo and Little John give tips to Dale on how to improve his own image ("Style").
Robbo's joint reopens and is an instant hit while Gisborne, whose place is now empty, is infuriated.
He and the new sheriff, Potts, organize a police raid.
Robbo has anticipated this and when a few switches are pulled, the entire club is disguised as a mission.
The sheriff and Gisborne burst in to find Robbo's gang singing gospel songs and preaching the sins of alcohol, complete with hymnals and tambourines ("Mr.
Booze").
Robbo is framed for Glick's murder.
At the trial, Gisborne and Potts claim that Robbo planned the whole thing.
Dale tries to teach the despondent orphans to view this as a lesson ("Don't Be a Do-Badder").
The jury finds Robbo innocent.
Wearing a green suit, Robbo publicly thanks everyone in Chicago ("My Kind of Town").
When he returns to his club, Robbo finds every one of his charities is now a front for counterfeiting.
The soup kitchen smuggles fake bills in soup cans over state lines.
Robbo also finds Little John living it up in Marian's mansion.
Marian is willing to keep Robbo as a front, as long as she is in charge.
Robbo shows his contempt for her and leaves, with Little John following him out the door.
Marian finds another willing partner in Gisborne, but the gangster is no match for Robbo and is killed.
Robbo tells a shocked Marian to clear out of town.
She instead turns public opinion against him, starting a Women's League for Better Government and framing Robbo for the counterfeiting ring that she and Little John started.
Unable to fight an angry mob of women, Robbo and his gang flee.
Robbo and his merry men are reduced to working as Santa Clauses to solicit charitable donations.
They watch dumbfounded as Marian steps out of a car with her latest partner, Alan Dale, who casually gives the Santas money before going off with Marian.
<EOS>
Joe Turner (Robert Redford) is a CIA analyst, code named "Condor".
He works in a clandestine office in New York City, which operates as a front called the "American Literary Historical Society".
Turner's task is to read books, newspapers, and magazines from around the world, looking for hidden meanings and new ideas.
As part of his duties, Turner files a report to CIA headquarters on a low-quality thriller novel his office has been reading, pointing out strange plot elements therein, and the unusual assortment of languages into which the book has been translated (Spanish and Dutch but not German or French, and both Arabic and Persian).
On the day that Turner is expecting a response to his report, a team of assassins arrives during the lunch hour and murders six of Turner's co-workers: the receptionist, a security officer, the elderly head of the office, two male researchers, and a female researcher named Chen (who was also Turner's girlfriend).
Turner wasn't gunned down because it was his turn to pick up lunch for the office, and due to rainy weather he took a back-lobby route out of the building that the killers weren't aware existed.
Returning to find his co-workers' bodies, a frightened Turner calls the CIA's New York headquarters in the World Trade Center, and is given instructions to meet his Head of Department (Wicks), who will bring him into safety.
Turner independently finds that a 7th co-worker, an older alcoholic man who stayed home that day, was also murdered.
The rendezvous is however a trap.
Wicks murders Turner's best friend, a CIA staffer who was genuinely trying to bring him in safely, and attempts to kill Turner, who wounds his assailant before escaping himself.
Needing a place to hide, Turner forces a woman, Kathy Hale (Faye Dunaway), whom he encounters by chance in a ski shop, to take him to her apartment in Brooklyn Heights.
He holds her prisoner while he attempts to figure out what is going on.
Hale begins to trust Turner and they become lovers.
However, his hiding place is discovered by Joubert (Max von Sydow): a European contract killer who led the massacre of Turner's co-workers.
Joubert spots Turner driving Hale's car and notes the license plate number.
A hitman disguised as a mailman (Hank Garrett), with a parcel that requires a signature, arrives at the apartment and a fight ensues.
Turner, although he has no history as a fighter or assassin, is able to ward off the "mailman" until he gets the drop on him and shoots him to death in front of a terrified Hale.
Deciding that he cannot trust anyone within the CIA, Turner begins to play a cat-and-mouse game with Higgins (Cliff Robertson), the Deputy Director of the CIA's New York division, and who had picked up the original report from Condor and forwarded it to Wicks back at HQ.
With the help of Hale, Turner abducts Higgins, who identifies Joubert as a skilled freelance assassin with a history of contract work for the CIA.
Back at his office, Higgins discovers that the "mailman" who attacked Turner in Hale's apartment worked with Joubert on a previous operation.
Their CIA case officer on that occasion was Wicks.
Meanwhile, using a numbered hotel room key he found on the fake postman's body, Turner learns where Joubert is staying, then uses his skills as a former Army Signals Corps technician to trace a call made from his hotel room.
This gives him the name and address of Leonard Atwood (Addison Powell); he is the CIA's Deputy Director of Operations for the Middle East and apparently senior to Higgins.
Turner confronts Atwood in his Maryland mansion late at night and questions him at gunpoint.
Turner learns that the report he had filed had uncovered a general operations plan to seize oil fields in the Middle East.
The planning "game" is later described as a rogue project initiated without formal approval from above.
Fear of its disclosure was sufficient to have Atwood privately order the elimination of Turner's section.
Joubert surprises them, takes away Turner's pistol, and then unexpectedly murders Atwood.
Atwood's own superiors have hired the professional to stage the suicide of someone who was about to become an embarrassment, overriding Atwood's original contract for Joubert to kill Turner.
Joubert suggests that Turner leave the country, even becoming an assassin himself since Turner had shown such resourcefulness in staying alive.
Turner has no interest in becoming an assassin or leaving theS.
However, Joubert outlines how he will ultimately be betrayed and killed (being offered a ride by a trusted friend on the first sunny and warm day of spring) and Turner clearly believes him.
A sympathetic Joubert says he'll give Turner a ride to the local train station and also hands him back his pistol "for that day".
Turner goes back to New York City and meets Higgins on a busy street.
Higgins defends the oil fields plan, claiming that there will be a day in which oil shortages will cause a major economic crisis for the country, and that Americans will want the government to use any means necessary to save them from discomfort.
Turner says he has given the press "a story" (they are standing outside The New York Times office), but Higgins questions Turner's reliance that the story will be printed.
After a brief dialogue, an anxious Turner walks away to face an uncertain future as "a very lonely man".
The final shot is a freeze frame of Turner passing behind a Salvation Army band singing Christmas carols, while looking over his shoulder toward the camera, on a crowded New York street.
<EOS>
A group of young women are staying at mr and mrs Martin's house for the night.
The Martin family seems like a normal American family; however, odd things have been occurring at this house.
Five girls who previously stayed there had disappeared, so the "Sega Control Attack Team" ("Sega" changed to "Special" once the game was ported to other consoles) is called upon to protect the new guests and find out what happened.
As the new wave of girls arrive for a slumber party (one of whom is undercover SCAT agent Kelly (or Kelli) Medd, played by Dana Plato), the vampiric Augers begin to invade the Martin family house, and it's up to the player to save the girls.
<EOS>
In a adult erotic take-off of George Bernard Shaw play Pygmalion (and its derivative, My Fair Lady), the film is about a sexologist who tries transforming a low-skilled prostitute into a goddess of passion.
While he tries to prepare her to seduce a homosexual artist, it is he for whom she develops feelings.
In this film, Henry Higgins (of Pygmalion) is replaced by dr Seymour Love, the sexologist, played by Jamie Gillis.
Eliza Doolittle (of Pygmalion) becomes Dolores "Misty" Beethoven, who is played by Constance Money, and Colonel Pickering becomes Geraldine Rich, played by Jacqueline Beudant.
During the film, Misty achieves "elevation" better than Love and Rich had hoped and then cuts them off, as in George Bernard Shaw's play.
However, this film then sees Misty return, take over for dr Love, and run the "school".
dr Love is present but in a very subservient position.
It is clearly Misty that is in charge by this time.
<EOS>
The book is set during a war, projected from the Vietnam War, in which the United States is apparently criminally involved (it is noted at one point that the US is waging germ warfare in "the so-called neutral countries").
The President of the United States during this fictional war is Robert McNamara.
Poet, lapsed Catholic and conscientious objector Louis Sacchetti is sent to a secret military installation called Camp Archimedes, where military prisoners are injected with a form of syphilis intended to make them geniuses (hence the punning reference to "concentration" in the novel's title).
By breaking down rigid categories in the mind (according to a definition of genius put forward by Arthur Koestler), the disease makes the thought process both faster and more flexible; it also causes physical breakdown and, within nine months, death.
The book is told in the form of Sacchetti's diary, and includes literary references to the story of Faust (at one point the prisoners stage Christopher Marlowe's Doctor Faustus and Sacchetti's friendship with ringleader Mordecai Washington parallels Faust's with Mephistopheles).
It only becomes clear that Sacchetti himself has syphilis as his diary entries refer to his increasingly poor health, and become progressively more florid, until almost descending into insanity.
After a test run on the prisoners, a megalomaniac nuclear physicist has himself injected with the disease, joins Camp Archimedes with his team of student helpers, and sets about trying to end the human race.
The prisoners in the book appear to be fascinated by alchemy, which they used as an elaborate cover for their escape plans.
Sacchetti, who is obese, has a number of ironic visions involving other obese historical and intellectual figures, such as Thomas Aquinas.
<EOS>
The play opens on mrs Smith reciting the events of the night with mr Smith.
They discuss the death of someone they knew, named Bobby Watson.
The play then shifts back to reality and they realize that Bobby has been dead for four years.
Suddenly they flashback to when he was alive and engaged to a woman who went by the same name as him, Bobby Watson.
Then they shift back to reality where they realize that he has left behind two children and they are gossiping about who his wife will remarry.
Allegedly she is going to name another relative by the same name, but being that they all have the same name and work in the same industry the Smiths have a difficult time figuring out who is who.
As the Smiths are arguing Mary the maid enters announcing that the Martins have arrived.
After entering the room, the Martins realize that they have met each other before.
They are surprised to find that they are both from the city of Manchester, that they both took the same train to London, that they both traveled second class, that they both reside at No.
19 Bromfield Street, that they sleep in the same bed, and that they both have a two-year old daughter named Alice with one red eye and one white eye.
They come to the conclusion that they are husband and wife.
When they fall asleep Mary informs us that mr Martin’s daughter has a white right eye and a left red eye, while mrs Martin’s daughter has a white left eye and a red right eye.
Therefore, they can't be husband and wife.
When the Smiths return they begin to talk about their guests then the doorbell rings and the Fire Chief enters.
He has the task of putting out all the fires in the city.
But he is disappointed when he arrives at the Smith's home and there is no fire.
However they do promise the fire chief to call him if a fire occurs.
While they are waiting for something to happen they begin telling stories, none of which make sense.
Finally, Mary enters and tells her own story, in which she reveals that she is the lover of the Fire Chief.
The Smiths then push her out of the room as the Fire Chief excuses himself.
Then the Martins and the Smiths recite nonsensical truisms.
Then all sense of language dissipates as the two couples argue.
However, no one can is able to communicate and none of their issues are resolved.
The lights then begin to fade as they continue to argue.
When the lights rise again, we find the Martins in the Smiths living room, repeating the same lines that the Smiths spoke at the opening of the play.
<EOS>
After a riot in a near-future England where telepathy has been discovered, the authorities discover Gerald Howson, a physically deformed youth with greater telepathic power than has ever been seen before.
The novel details Howson's struggles to come to grips with his power and his deformity.
<EOS>
The story focuses on Madame Souza, an elderly woman raising her young grandson, Champion.
Souza notices her grandson is sad and lonely, hinted as due to the loss of his parents, so she first tries to get him interested in the piano.
When this fails, she buys him a puppy named Bruno to cheer him up.
Although he is initially happy, he quickly becomes melancholic once again.
After discovering that Champion has a keen interest in road bicycle racing, because it is implied that Champion's deceased parents were cyclists, she buys him a tricycle.
Years later, Champion becomes a professional cyclist with Souza as his coach.
Eventually, Champion enters the Tour de France but during the race, he and two other riders are kidnapped by two French mafia henchmen and brought to the bustling metropolis of Belleville.
Souza and Bruno follow the men, but lose their trail soon after reaching the city.
Lost and with no way to find Champion, Souza has a chance encounter with the renowned Belleville triplets, music hall singers from the 1930s, now elderly women turned improvisational musicians.
The sisters take Souza to their home and over time she becomes a part of their group.
Meanwhile, the mafia boss drugs the kidnapped cyclists and employs a mechanic to build a stationary cycling machine for the racers to race on — to create their own mini Tour de France for gambling.
At a fancy restaurant, the Triplets and Souza perform a jam session using a newspaper, refrigerator, vacuum and bicycle wheel as instruments.
The mafia boss who kidnapped her grandson happens to be in the same restaurant and, with the help of Bruno, Souza realizes he has Champion.
She tails one of the Mafia's minions the next day and discovers their scheme.
That night, several mob bosses and their henchmen arrive at the mafia hideout and place bets on the riders (one of whom falls off his bicycle from exhaustion, at which point the bookmaker shoots him as one would an injured horse).
Madame Souza, Bruno and the triplets then infiltrate the hideout and sabotage the contraption, unbolting it from the ground and turning it into a pedal-powered vehicle on which they all escape.
The mob henchmen pursue them, but are all thwarted amidst the chase.
The film ends with the motley group riding on out of Belleville, and a flashforward to an elderly Champion reflecting on the adventure, as told to him by the then-deceased Souza.
<EOS>
