Old Major, the old boar on the Manor Farm, summons the animals on the farm together for a meeting, during which he refers to humans as "enemies" and teaches the animals a revolutionary song called "Beasts of England".
When Major dies, two young pigs, Snowball and Napoleon, assume command and consider it a duty to prepare for the Rebellion.
The animals revolt and drive the drunken and irresponsible farmer mr Jones from the farm, renaming it "Animal Farm".
They adopt the Seven Commandments of Animalism, the most important of which is, "All animals are equal".
Snowball teaches the animals to read and write, while Napoleon educates young puppies on the principles of Animalism.
Food is plentiful, and the farm runs smoothly.
The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items, ostensibly for their personal health.
Some time later, several men attack Animal Farm.
Jones and his men are making an attempt to recapture the farm, aided by several other farmers who are terrified of similar animal revolts.
Snowball, who has been studying the battles of Julius Caesar in anticipation of such a fight, orders the animals to retreat, then counterstrikes, forcing the men to flee.
Snowball's popularity soars, and this event is proclaimed "The Battle of the Cowshed".
It is celebrated annually with the firing of a gun, on the anniversary of the Revolution.
Napoleon and Snowball struggle for pre-eminence.
When Snowball announces his plans to modernize the farm by building a windmill, Napoleon has his dogs chase Snowball away and declares himself leader.
Napoleon enacts changes to the governance structure of the farm, replacing meetings with a committee of pigs who will run the farm.
Through a young pig named Squealer, Napoleon claims credit for the windmill idea.
The animals work harder with the promise of easier lives with the windmill.
When the animals find the windmill collapsed after a violent storm, Napoleon and Squealer convince the animals that Snowball is trying to sabotage their project.
Once Snowball becomes a scapegoat, Napoleon begins to purge the farm with his dogs, killing animals he accuses of consorting with his old rival.
When some animals recall the Battle of the Cowshed, Napoleon (who was nowhere to be found during the battle) frequently smears Snowball as a collaborator of Jones', while falsely representing himself as the hero of the battle.
"Beasts of England" is replaced with an anthem glorifying Napoleon, who appears to be adopting the lifestyle of a man.
The animals remain convinced that they are better off than they were under mr Jones.
Mr Frederick, one of the neighbouring farmers, attacks the farm, using blasting powder to blow up the restored windmill.
Though the animals win the battle, they do so at great cost, as many, including Boxer the workhorse, are wounded.
Despite his injuries, Boxer continues working harder and harder, until he collapses while working on the windmill.
Napoleon sends for a van to take Boxer to the veterinary surgeon, explaining that better care can be given there.
Benjamin, the cynical donkey who "could read as well as any pig", notices that the van belongs to a knacker and attempts a futile rescue.
Squealer quickly assures the animals that the van had been purchased from the knacker by an animal hospital, and the previous owner's signboard had not been repainted.
In a subsequent report, Squealer reports sadly to the animals that Boxer died peacefully at the animal hospital; the pigs hold a festival one day after Boxer's death to further praise the glories of Animal Farm and have the animals work harder by taking on Boxer's ways.
However, the truth was that Napoleon had engineered the sale of Boxer to the knacker, allowing him and his inner circle to acquire money to buy whisky for themselves.
(In 1940s England, one way for farms to make money was to sell large animals to a knacker, who would kill the animal and boil its remains into animal glue) Years pass, and the windmill is rebuilt along with construction of another windmill, which makes the farm a good amount of income.
However, the ideals which Snowball discussed, including stalls with electric lighting, heating and running water are forgotten, with Napoleon advocating that the happiest animals live simple lives.
In addition to Boxer, many of the animals who participated in the Revolution are dead, as is Farmer Jones, who died in another part of England.
The pigs start to resemble humans, as they walk upright, carry whips, and wear clothes.
The Seven Commandments are abridged to a single phrase: "All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others".
Napoleon holds a dinner party for the pigs and local farmers, with whom he celebrates a new alliance.
He abolishes the practice of the revolutionary traditions and restores the name "The Manor Farm".
As the animals look from pigs to humans, they realise they can no longer distinguish between the two.
<EOS>
Alex is a 15-year-old living in near-future dystopian England who leads his gang on a night of opportunistic, random "ultra-violence".
Alex's friends ("droogs" in the novel's Anglo-Russian slang, 'Nadsat') are Dim, a slow-witted bruiser who is the gang's muscle; Georgie, an ambitious second-in-command; and Pete, who mostly plays along as the droogs indulge their taste for ultra-violence.
Characterised as a sociopath and a hardened juvenile delinquent, Alex also displays intelligence, quick wit, and a predilection for classical music; he is particularly fond of Beethoven, referred to as "Lovely Ludwig Van".
The novella begins with the droogs sitting in their favourite hangout, the Korova Milk Bar, and drinking "milk-plus"—a beverage consisting of milk laced with the customer's drug of choice—to prepare for a night of mayhem.
They assault a scholar walking home from the public library; rob a store, leaving the owner and his wife bloodied and unconscious; beat up a beggar; then scuffle with a rival gang.
Joyriding through the countryside in a stolen car, they break into an isolated cottage and terrorise the young couple living there, beating the husband and raping his wife.
In a metafictional touch, the husband is a writer working on a manuscript called "A Clockwork Orange", and Alex contemptuously reads out a paragraph that states the novel's main theme before shredding the manuscript.
Back at the Korova, Alex strikes Dim for his crude response to a woman's singing of an operatic passage, and strains within the gang become apparent.
At home in his parents' futuristic flat, Alex plays classical music at top volume, which he describes as giving him orgasmic bliss before falling asleep.
Alex coyly feigns illness to his parents to stay out of school the next day.
Following an unexpected visit fromR.
Deltoid, his "post-corrective adviser", Alex visits a record store, where he meets two pre-teen girls.
He invites them back to the flat, where he drugs and rapes them.
The next morning, Alex finds his droogs in a mutinous mood, waiting downstairs in the torn-up and graffitied lobby.
Georgie challenges Alex for leadership of the gang, demanding that they pull a "man-sized" job.
Alex quells the rebellion by slashing Dim's hand and fighting with Georgie, then in a show of generosity takes them to a bar, where Alex insists on following through on Georgie's idea to burgle the home of a wealthy old woman.
Alex breaks in and knocks the woman unconscious, but when he opens the door to let the others in, Dim strikes him in payback for the earlier fight.
The gang abandons Alex on the front step to be arrested by the police; while in their custody, he learns that the woman has died from her injuries.
Alex is convicted of murder and sentenced to 14 years in prison (Pete visiting one day informed him that Georgie has been killed).
Two years into his term, he has obtained a job in one of the prison chapels playing religious music on the stereo to accompany the Sunday religious services.
The chaplain mistakes Alex's Bible studies for stirrings of faith; in reality, Alex is only reading Scripture for the violent passages.
After his fellow cellmates blame him for beating a troublesome cellmate to death, he is chosen to undergo an experimental behaviour-modification treatment called the Ludovico Technique in exchange for having the remainder of his sentence commuted.
The technique is a form of aversion therapy, in which Alex is injected with nausea-inducing drugs while watching graphically violent films, eventually conditioning him to become severely ill at the mere thought of violence.
As an unintended consequence, the soundtrack to one of the films, Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, renders Alex unable to enjoy his beloved classical music as before.
The effectiveness of the technique is demonstrated to a group of VIPs, who watch as Alex collapses before a bully and abases himself before a scantily-clad young woman whose presence has aroused his predatory sexual inclinations.
Although the prison chaplain accuses the state of stripping Alex of free will, the government officials on the scene are pleased with the results and Alex is released from prison.
Alex returns to his parents' flat, only to find that they are renting his room to a lodger.
Now homeless, he wanders the streets and enters a public library, hoping to learn of a painless method for committing suicide.
The old scholar whom Alex had assaulted in Part 1 finds him and beats him, with the help of several friends.
Two policemen come to Alex's rescue, but turn out to be Dim and Billyboy, a former rival gang leader.
They take Alex outside of town, brutalise him, and abandon him there.
Alex collapses at the door of an isolated cottage, realising too late that it is the one he and his droogs invaded in Part 1.
The writer, Alexander, still lives here, but his wife has since died of injuries she sustained in the gang-rape.
He does not recognise Alex, but gives him shelter and questions him about the conditioning he has undergone.
Alexander and his colleagues, all highly critical of the government, plan to use Alex as a symbol of state brutality and thus prevent the incumbent government from being re-elected.
Alex inadvertently reveals that he was the ringleader of the home invasion; he is removed from the cottage and locked in an upper-story bedroom as a relentless barrage of classical music plays over speakers.
He attempts suicide by leaping from the window.
Alex wakes up in a hospital, where he is courted by government officials anxious to counter the bad publicity created by his suicide attempt.
With Alexander placed in a mental institution, Alex is offered a well-paying job if he agrees to side with the government.
A round of tests reveals that his old violent impulses have returned, indicating that the hospital doctors have undone the effects of his conditioning.
As photographers snap pictures, Alex daydreams of orgiastic violence and reflects, "I was cured all right".
In the final chapter, Alex finds himself halfheartedly preparing for yet another night of crime with a new gang (Lenn, Rick, Bully).
After a chance encounter with Pete, who has reformed and married, Alex finds himself taking less and less pleasure in acts of senseless violence.
He begins contemplating giving up crime himself to become a productive member of society and start a family of his own, while reflecting on the notion that his own children will be just as destructive as he has been, if not more so.
<EOS>
The text of The Plague is divided into five parts.
In the town of Oran, thousands of rats, initially unnoticed by the populace, begin to die in the streets.
Hysteria develops soon afterward, causing the local newspapers to report the incident.
Authorities responding to public pressure order the collection and cremation of the rats, unaware that the collection itself was the catalyst for the spread of the bubonic plague.
The main character, dr Bernard Rieux, lives comfortably in an apartment building when strangely the building's concierge, Michel, a confidante, dies from a fever.
dr Rieux consults his colleague, dr Castel, about the illness until they come to the conclusion that a plague is sweeping the town.
They both approach fellow doctors and town authorities about their theory but are eventually dismissed on the basis of one death.
However, as more and more deaths quickly ensue, it becomes apparent that there is an epidemic.
Meanwhile, Rieux's wife has been sent to a sanatorium in another city, to be treated for an unrelated chronic illness.
Authorities, including the Prefect, are slow to accept that the situation is serious and quibble over the appropriate action to take.
Official notices enacting control measures are posted, but the language used is optimistic and downplays the seriousness of the situation.
A "special ward" is opened at the hospital, but its 80 beds are filled within three days.
As the death toll begins to rise, more desperate measures are taken.
Homes are quarantined; corpses and burials are strictly supervised.
A supply of plague serum finally arrives, but there is enough to treat only existing cases, and the country's emergency reserves are depleted.
When the daily number of deaths jumps to 30, the town is sealed, and an outbreak of plague is officially declared.
The town is sealed off.
The town gates are shut, rail travel is prohibited, and all mail service is suspended.
The use of telephone lines is restricted only to "urgent" calls, leaving short telegrams as the only means of communicating with friends or family outside the town.
The separation affects daily activity and depresses the spirit of the townspeople, who begin to feel isolated and introverted, and the plague begins to affect various characters.
One character, Raymond Rambert, devises a plan to escape the city to join his wife in Paris after city officials refused his request to leave.
He befriends some underground criminals so that they may smuggle him out of the city.
Another character, Father Paneloux, uses the plague as an opportunity to advance his stature in the town by suggesting that the plague was an act of God punishing the citizens' sinful nature.
His diatribe falls on the ears of many citizens of the town, who turned to religion in droves but would not have done so under normal circumstances.
Cottard, a criminal remorseful enough to attempt suicide but fearful of being arrested, becomes wealthy as a major smuggler.
Meanwhile, dr Rieux; a vacationer, Jean Tarrou; and a civil servant, Joseph Grand, exhaustively treat patients in their homes and in the hospital.
Rambert informs Tarrou of his escape plan, but when Tarrou tells him that there are others in the city, including dr Rieux, who have loved ones outside the city whom they are not allowed to see, Rambert becomes sympathetic and changes his mind.
He then decides to join Tarrou and dr Rieux to help fight the epidemic.
In mid-August, the situation continues to worsen.
People try to escape the town, but some are shot by armed sentries.
Violence and looting break out on a small scale, and the authorities respond by declaring martial law and imposing a curfew.
Funerals are conducted with more and more speed, no ceremony, and little concern for the feelings of the families of the deceased.
The inhabitants passively endure their increasing feelings of exile and separation.
Despondent, they waste away emotionally as well as physically.
In September and October, the town remains at the mercy of the plague.
Rieux hears from the sanatorium that his wife's condition is worsening.
He also hardens his heart regarding the plague victims so that he can continue to do his work.
Cottard, on the other hand, seems to flourish during the plague because it gives him a sense of being connected to others, since everybody faces the same danger.
Cottard and Tarrou attend a performance of Gluck's opera Orpheus and Eurydice, but the actor portraying Orpheus collapses with plague symptoms during the performance.
After extended negotiations with guards, Rambert finally has a chance to escape, but he decides to stay, saying that he would feel ashamed of himself if he left.
Towards the end of October, Castel's new antiplague serum is tried for the first time, but it cannot save the life of Othon's young son, who suffers greatly, as Paneloux, Rieux, and Tarrou tend to his bedside in horror.
Paneloux, who has joined the group of volunteers fighting the plague, gives a second sermon.
He addresses the problem of an innocent child's suffering and says it is a test of a Christian's faith since it requires him either to deny everything or believe everything.
He urges the congregation not to give up the struggle but to do everything possible to fight the plague.
A few days after the sermon, Paneloux is taken ill.
His symptoms do not conform to those of the plague, but the disease still proves fatal.
Tarrou and Rambert visit one of the isolation camps, where they meet Othon.
When Othon's period of quarantine ends, he chooses to stay in the camp as a volunteer because this will make him feel less separated from his dead son.
Tarrou tells Rieux the story of his life and, to take their mind off the epidemic, the two men go swimming together in the sea.
Grand catches the plague and instructs Rieux to burn all his papers.
However, Grand makes an unexpected recovery, and deaths from the plague start to decline.
By late January the plague is in full retreat, and the townspeople begin to celebrate the imminent opening of the town gates.
Othon, however, does not escape death from the disease.
Cottard is distressed by the ending of the epidemic from which he has profited by shady dealings.
Two government employees approach him, and he flees.
Despite the epidemic's ending, Tarrou contracts the plague and dies after a heroic struggle.
Rieux is later informed via telegram that his wife has also died.
In February, the town gates open and people are reunited with their loved ones from other cities.
Rambert is reunited with his wife.
Cottard goes mad and shoots at people from his home.
He is arrested.
Grand begins working on his novel again.
The narrator of the chronicle reveals his identity and states and that he tried to present an objective view of the events.
The narrator reflects on the epidemic and reaches the conclusion that there is more to admire than to despise in humans.
<EOS>
Among others, John Heath has observed, "The unalterable kernel of the tale was a hunter's transformation into a deer and his death in the jaws of his hunting dogs.
But authors were free to suggest different motives for his death".
In the version that was offered by the Hellenistic poet Callimachus, which has become the standard setting, Artemis was bathing in the woods when the hunter Actaeon stumbled across her, thus seeing her naked.
He stopped and stared, amazed at her ravishing beauty.
Once seen, Artemis got revenge on Actaeon: she forbade him speech — if he tried to speak, he would be changed into a stag — for the unlucky profanation of her virginity's mystery.
Upon hearing the call of his hunting party, he cried out to them and immediately transformed.
At this he fled deep into the woods, and doing so he came upon a pond and, seeing his reflection, groaned.
His own hounds then turned upon him and pursued him, not recognizing him.
In an endeavour to save himself, he raised his eyes (and would have raised his arms, had he had them) toward Mount Olympus.
The gods did not heed his plea, and he was torn to pieces.
An element of the earlier myth made Actaeon the familiar hunting companion of Artemis, no stranger.
In an embroidered extension of the myth, the hounds were so upset with their master's death, that Chiron made a statue so lifelike that the hounds thought it was Actaeon.
There are various other versions of his transgression: The Hesiodic Catalogue of Women and pseudo-Apollodoran Bibliotheke state that his offense was that he was a rival of Zeus for Semele, his mother's sister, whereas in Euripides' Bacchae he has boasted that he is a better hunter than Artemis:  Further materials, including fragments that belong with the Hesiodic Catalogue of Women and at least four Attic tragedies, including a Toxotides of Aeschylus, have been lost.
Diodorus Siculus (481.
4), in a variant of Actaeon's hubris that has been largely ignored, has it that Actaeon wanted to marry Artemis.
Other authors say the hounds were Artemis' own; some lost elaborations of the myth seem to have given them all names and narrated their wanderings after his loss.
According to the Latin version of the story told by the Roman Ovid having accidentally seen Diana (Artemis) on Mount Cithaeron while she was bathing, he was changed by her into a stag, and pursued and killed by his fifty hounds.
This version also appears in Callimachus' Fifth Hymn, as a mythical parallel to the blinding of Tiresias after he sees Athena bathing.
The literary testimony of Actaeon's myth is largely lost, but Lamar Ronald Lacy, deconstructing the myth elements in what survives and supplementing it by iconographic evidence in late vase-painting, made a plausible reconstruction of an ancient Actaeon myth that Greek poets may have inherited and subjected to expansion and dismemberment.
His reconstruction opposes a too-pat consensus that has an archaic Actaeon aspiring to Semele, a classical Actaeon boasting of his hunting prowess and a Hellenistic Actaeon glimpsing Artemis' bath.
Lacy identifies the site of Actaeon's transgression as a spring sacred to Artemis at Plataea where Actaeon was a hero archegetes ("hero-founder") The righteous hunter, the companion of Artemis, seeing her bathing naked at the spring, was moved to try to make himself her consort, as Diodorus Siculus noted, and was punished, in part for transgressing the hunter's "ritually enforced deference to Artemis" (Lacy 1990:42).
<EOS>
An expedition from Straumli Realm, an ambitious young human civilization in the high Beyond, investigates a five-billion-year-old data archive in the low Transcend that offers the possibility of unimaginable riches.
The expedition's facility, High Lab, is gradually compromised by a dormant superintelligence within the archive later known as the Blight.
However, shortly before the Blight's final "flowering", two self-aware entities created similarly to the Blight plot to aid the humans before the Blight can escape.
Recognizing the danger of what they have awakened, the researchers at High Lab attempt to flee in two ships, one carrying all the adults and the second carrying all the children in "coldsleep boxes".
Suspicious, the Blight discovers that the first ships contains a data storage device in its cargo manifest; assuming it contains information that could harm it, the Blight destroys the ship.
The second ship escapes.
The Blight assumes that it is no threat, but later realizes that it is actually carrying away a "countermeasure" against it.
The ship lands on a distant planet with a medieval-level civilization of dog-like creatures, dubbed "Tines", who live in packs as group minds.
Upon landing, however, the two surviving adults are ambushed and killed by Tine fanatics known as Flenserists, in whose realm they have landed.
The Flenserists capture a young boy named Jefri Olsndot and his wounded sister, Johanna.
While Jefri is taken deeper into Flenserist territory, Johanna is rescued by Tine pilgrims who witnessed the ambush and deliver her to a neighboring kingdom ruled by a Tine named Woodcarver.
The Flenserists tell Jefri that Johanna had been killed by Woodcarver and exploit him in order to develop advanced technology (such as cannon and radio communication), while Johanna and the knowledge stored in her "dataset" device help Woodcarver rapidly develop in turn.
A distress signal from the sleeper ship eventually reaches "Relay", a major node in the galactic communications network.
A benign transcendent entity named "Old One" contacts Relay, seeking information about the Blight and the humans who released it, and reconstitutes a human man named Pham Nuwen from an old wreck to act as its agent, using his doubt of his own memory's veracity to bend him to the Old One's will.
Ravna Bergsndot, the only human Relay employee, traces the sleeper ship's signal to the Tines world and persuades her employer to investigate what the human ship took from High Lab, contracting the merchant vessel Out of Band II, owned by two sentient plant Skroderiders, Blueshell and Greenstalk, to transport them.
Before the mission is launched, the Blight attacks Relay and concurrently kills Old One.
As Old One dies, it downloads what information it can into Pham to defeat the Blight, and Pham and Ravna barely escape Relay's destruction in the Out of Band II.
The Blight expands, taking over races and "rewriting" their people to become its agents, murdering several other Powers, and seizing other archives in the Beyond, looking for what was taken.
It finally realizes where the danger truly lies and sends a hastily assembled fleet in pursuit of the Out of Band II.
The humans arrive at the Tines homeworld and ally with Woodcarver to defeat the Flenserists.
Pham initiates Countermeasure, which extends the Slow Zone by thousands of light years, enveloping the Blight at the cost of wrecking thousands of uninvolved civilizations and causing trillions of deaths.
The humans are stranded on the Tines world, now in the depths of the "Slow Zone".
Activating the countermeasure costs Pham his life, but just before Pham dies, he realizes that, although his body is a reconstruction, his memories are real.
Vinge expands on Pham's backstory in A Deepness in the Sky.
<EOS>
The book tells the story of Paul Bäumer, a German soldier who—urged on by his school teacher—joins the German army shortly after the start of World War His class was "scattered over the platoons amongst Frisian fishermen, peasants, and labourers".
Bäumer arrives at the Western Front with his friends and schoolmates (Leer, Müller, Kropp and a number of other characters).
There they meet Stanislaus Katczinsky, an older soldier, nicknamed Kat, who becomes Paul's mentor.
While fighting at the front, Bäumer and his comrades have to engage in frequent battles and endure the treacherous and filthy conditions of trench warfare.
At the very beginning of the book, Erich Maria Remarque says "This book is to be neither an accusation nor a confession, and least of all an adventure, for death is not an adventure to those who stand face to face with it.
It will try simply to tell of a generation of men who, even though they may have escaped (its) shells, were destroyed by the war".
The book does not focus on heroic stories of bravery, but rather gives a view of the conditions in which the soldiers find themselves.
The monotony between battles, the constant threat of artillery fire and bombardments, the struggle to find food, the lack of training of young recruits (meaning lower chances of survival), and the overarching role of random chance in the lives and deaths of the soldiers are described in detail.
The battles fought here have no names and seem to have little overall significance, except for the impending possibility of injury or death for Bäumer and his comrades.
Only pitifully small pieces of land are gained, about the size of a football field, which are often lost again later.
Remarque often refers to the living soldiers as old and dead, emotionally drained and shaken.
"We are not youth any longer.
We don't want to take the world by storm.
We are fleeing from ourselves, from our life.
We were eighteen and had begun to love life and the world; and we had to shoot it to pieces".
Paul's visit on leave to his home highlights the cost of the war on his psyche.
The town has not changed since he went off to war; however, he finds that he does "not belong here anymore, it is a foreign world".
He feels disconnected from most of the townspeople.
His father asks him "stupid and distressing" questions about his war experiences, not understanding "that a man cannot talk of such things".
An old schoolmaster lectures him about strategy and advancing to Paris, while insisting that Paul and his friends know only their "own little sector" of the war but nothing of the big picture.
Indeed, the only person he remains connected to is his dying mother, with whom he shares a tender, yet restrained relationship.
The night before he is to return from leave, he stays up with her, exchanging small expressions of love and concern for each other.
He thinks to himself, "Ah.
Mother, Mother.
How can it be that I must part from you.
Here I sit and there you are lying; we have so much to say, and we shall never say it".
In the end, he concludes that he "ought never to have come [home] on leave".
Paul feels glad to be reunited with his comrades.
Soon after, he volunteers to go on a patrol and kills a man for the first time in hand-to-hand combat.
He watches the man die, in pain for hours.
He feels remorse and asks forgiveness from the man's corpse.
He is devastated and later confesses to Kat and Albert, who try to comfort him and reassure him that it is only part of the war.
They are then sent on what Paul calls a "good job".
They must guard a supply depot in a village that was evacuated due to being shelled too heavily.
During this time, the men are able to adequately feed themselves, unlike the near-starvation conditions in the German trenches.
In addition, the men enjoy themselves while living off the spoils from the village and officers' luxuries from the supply depot (such as fine cigars).
While evacuating the villagers (enemy civilians), Paul and Albert are taken by surprise by artillery fired at the civilian convoy and wounded by a shell.
On the train back home, Albert takes a turn for the worse and cannot complete the journey, instead being sent off the train to recuperate in a Catholic hospital.
Paul uses a combination of bartering and manipulation to stay by Albert's side.
Albert eventually has his leg amputated, while Paul is deemed fit for service and returned to the front.
By now, the war is nearing its end and the German Army is retreating.
In despair, Paul watches as his friends fall one by one.
It is the death of Kat that eventually makes Paul careless about living.
In the final chapter, he comments that peace is coming soon, but he does not see the future as bright and shining with hope.
Paul feels that he has no aims or goals left in life and that their generation will be different and misunderstood.
When he dies at the end of the novel, the situation report from the frontline states, "All is Quiet on the Western Front".
<EOS>
The story is set in an imaginary American town that has gone bankrupt.
(Its former major industry was the production of an unidentified product that never wore out.
Everyone has one now, and no one needs a replacement) The only place in town doing good business is the local sanitarium, known as “The Cookie Jar,” whose inmates look much healthier than the disgruntled townspeople.
("I'm Like the Bluebird") All the money is in the hands of Cora Hoover Hooper, the stylish, ruthless mayoress and her cronies - Comptroller Schub, Treasurer Cooley, and Police Chief Magruder.
Cora appears carried in a litter by her backup singers, and admits that she can accept anything except unpopularity (“Me and My Town”).
The scheming Comptroller Schub, tells her that he has a plan to save her administration, and the town, promising “It's highly unethical.
” He tells her to meet him at the rock on the edge of town.
At the rock, a local mother, mrs Schroeder, tries to tell her child, Baby Joan, to come down from the rock, when Baby Joan licks it - and a spring of water begins flowing from it.
The town instantly proclaims a miracle, and Cora and her council eagerly anticipate tourist dollars as they boast of the water's curative powers.
("Miracle Song") It is soon revealed to Cora that the miracle is a fake, controlled by a pump inside the rock.
The only person in town who doubts the miracle is Fay Apple, an eternally skeptical young nurse from the Cookie Jar who refuses to believe in miracles.
She appears at the rock with all forty-nine of the inmates, or “Cookies” in tow, intending to let them take some of the water.
Schub realizes that if they drink the water and do not change, people will discover the fake.
As he tries to stop Fay, the inmates mingle with the townspeople, until no one can guess who is who.
Fay disappears, and hiding from the police, admits that she hopes for one miracle - for a hero who can come and deliver the town from the madness (“There Won't Be Trumpets”).
Cora arrives on the scene with the Cookie Jar's manager, dr Detmold, but he says that Fay has taken the records to identify the inmates.
He tells Cora that he is expecting a new assistant who might help them.
At that moment a mysterious stranger, Bowden Hapgood, arrives asking for directions to the Cookie Jar.
He is instantly taken for the new assistant.
Asked to identify the missing Cookies, Hapgood begins questioning random people and sorting them into two groups, group A, and group one, but refuses to divulge which group is which.
The town council becomes suspicious of this and try to force the truth out, but Hapgood questions them until they begin to doubt their own sanity.
Cora is too caught up with his logic to care.
(“Simple”) As the extended musical sequence ends, the lights black out except for a spotlight on Hapgood, who announces to the audience, “You are all mad.
” Seconds later, the stage lights are restored.
The stage set has vanished, and the cast is revealed in theater seats, holding programs, applauding the audience, as the act ends.
As act two opens, the two groups are now in bitter rivalry over who is the normal group (“A-1 March”) Another stranger, a French woman in a feathered coat appears.
It is really Fay Apple in disguise.
She introduces herself as the Lady from Lourdes, a professional Miracle Inspector, come to investigate the miracle.
As Schub runs off to warn Cora, Fay seeks out Hapgood in his hotel, and the two seduce each other in the style of a French romantic film.
(“Come Play Wiz Me”) Fay tries to get Hapgood's help in exposing the miracle.
Hapgood, however, sees through her disguise and wants to question her first.
Fay refuses to take her wig off, and confesses to him that this disguise, left over from a college play, is the only way she can break out of her rigid and cynical persona.
She begins to hope, however, that Hapgood may be the one who can help her learn to be free.
(“Anyone Can Whistle”) Meanwhile, the two groups continue to march, and Cora, trying to give a speech, realizes that Hapgood has stolen her limelight.
(“A Parade in Town”) She and Schub plan an emergency meeting at her house.
Back at the hotel, Hapgood comes up with an idea, telling Fay to destroy the inmates' records.
That way Fay can be free of them and they can stop pretending.
When Fay is reluctant, Hapgood produces a record of his own - he is her fiftieth Cookie.
He is a practicing idealist who, after years of attempted heroism, is tired of crusading and has come to the Cookie Jar to retire.
Inspired by his record, Fay begins to tear the records up.
As she does, the Cookies appear and begin to dance (“Everybody Says Don't”).
Act three begins with Cora at her house with her council.
Schub has put the miracle on hiatus, but announces that they can easily turn the town against Hapgood by blaming him for it.
The group celebrates their alliance.
(“I've Got You to Lean On”) A mob quickly forms outside the hotel, and Hapgood and Fay, still disguised, take refuge under the rock.
Discovering the fraud, Cora and the council confront them.
At that moment, Cora receives a telegram from the governor warning that if the quota of forty-nine cookies is not filled, she will be impeached.
Schub tells her that since Hapgood never said who is normal or not, they can arrest anyone at random until the quota is filled.
Fay tries to get Hapgood to expose the miracle, but he warns her no one will believe it is a fake, because it works as a miracle should.
Fay wants his help stopping the Mayoress, but he refuses, since he is through with crusading.
Although she knows she still isn't out of her shell, Fay angrily swears to go it alone.
(“See What it Gets You”) As Cora and the police force begin rounding up Cookies, Fay tries to get the key away from the guards in an extended ballet sequence.
(“The Cookie Chase”) As it ends, Fay is captured, and dr Detmold suddenly recognizes her.
Fay tells the townspeople about the fake miracle, but the town refuses to believe her.
Detmold tells Cora that even without the records, Fay can identify the inmates from memory.
Cora warns that she will arrest forty-nine people, normal or not, and Fay, helplessly, identifies all the Cookies, except Hapgood.
She tells him the world needs people like him, and Hapgood can't turn himself in.
He asks Fay to come with him, but she still can't bring herself to break free.
Parting ways, they reflect on what they briefly shared.
(“With So Little to be Sure Of”) Word comes of a new miracle, two towns over, of a statue with a warm heart.
Soon the town is all but deserted, and Cora is again upstaged.
Again, Schub has the answer - since the Cookie Jar is still successful, they can turn the entire town into one big Cookie Jar.
Cora realizes she and Schub are meant for each other, and they dance off together.
As Fay resumes work, Detmold's real new assistant arrives, and Fay is horrified to realize that she is even more practical, rigid and disbelieving than Fay herself, and the new nurse marches the Cookies off to the next town to disprove the new miracle.
Horrified at seeing what she might become, Fay returns to the rock calling for Hapgood.
When he doesn't answer, she tries to whistle - and succeeds in blowing a shrill, ugly whistle.
Hapgood appears again, saying 'That's good enough for me.
' As they embrace, the water begins flowing from the rock - a true miracle this time.
(Finale).
<EOS>
In ancient Rome, some neighbors live in three adjacent houses.
In the center is the house of Senex, who lives there with wife Domina, son Hero, and several slaves, including head slave Hysterium and the musical's main character Pseudolus.
A slave belonging to Hero, Pseudolus wishes to buy, win, or steal his freedom.
One of the neighboring houses is owned by Marcus Lycus, who is a buyer and seller of beautiful women; the other belongs to the ancient Erronius, who is abroad searching for his long-lost children (stolen in infancy by pirates).
One day, Senex and Domina go on a trip and leave Pseudolus in charge of Hero.
Hero confides in Pseudolus that he is in love with the lovely Philia, one of the courtesans in the House of Lycus (albeit still a virgin).
Pseudolus promises to help him win Philia's love in exchange for his own freedom.
Unfortunately (as the two find out when they pay a visit on Lycus), Philia has been sold to the renowned warrior Miles Gloriosus, who is expected to claim her very soon.
Pseudolus, an excellent liar, uses Philia's cheery disposition to convince Lycus that she has picked up a plague from Crete, which causes its victims to smile endlessly in its terminal stages.
By offering to isolate her in Senex's house, he is able to give Philia and Hero some time alone together, and the two fall in love.
But Philia insists that, even though she is in love with Hero, she must honor her contract with the Captain, for "that is the way of a courtesan".
To appease her, he tells her to wait ("that's what virgins do best, isn't it.
") inside, and that he will have the captain knock three times when he arrives.
Pseudolus comes up with a plan to slip Philia a sleeping potion that will render her unconscious.
He will then tell Lycus that she has died of the Cretan plague, and will offer to remove the body.
Hero will come along, and they will stow away on a ship headed for Greece.
Satisfied with his plan, Pseudolus steals Hysterium's book of potions and has Hero read him the recipe for the sleeping potion; the only ingredient he lacks is "mare's sweat", and Pseudolus goes off in search of some.
Unexpectedly, Senex returns home early from his trip, and knocks three times on his own door.
Philia comes out of the house, and, thinking that Senex is the Captain, offers herself up to him.
Surprised but game, Senex instructs Philia to wait in the house for him, and she does.
Hysterium arrives to this confusion, and tells Senex that Philia is the new maid that he has hired.
Pseudolus returns, having procured the necessary mare's sweat; seeing that Senex has returned unexpectedly and grasping the need to keep him out of the way, Pseudolus discreetly sprinkles some of the horse-sweat onto him, then suggests that the road trip has left Senex in dire need of a bath.
Taking the bait, Senex instructs Hysterium to draw him a bath in the long-abandoned house of Erronius.
But while this is happening, Erronius returns home, finally having given up the search for his long-lost children.
Hysterium, desperate to keep him out of the house where his master is bathing, tells the old man that his house has become haunted – a story seemingly confirmed by the sound of Senex singing in his bath.
Erronius immediately determines to have a soothsayer come and banish the spirit from his house, and Pseudolus obligingly poses as one, telling Erronius that, in order to banish the spirit, he must travel seven times around the seven hills of Rome (thus keeping the old man occupied and out of the way for quite a while).
When Miles Gloriosus arrives to claim his courtesan-bride, Pseudolus hides Philia on the roof of Senex's house; told that she has "escaped," Lycus is terrified to face the Captain's wrath.
Pseudolus offers to impersonate Lycus and talk his way out of the mess but, his ingenuity flagging, he ends up merely telling the Captain that Philia has disappeared, and that he, "Lycus", will search for her.
Displeased and suspicious, Miles insists that his soldiers accompany Pseudolus, but the wily slave loses them in Rome's winding streets.
Complicating matters further, Domina returns from her trip early, suspicious that her husband Senex is "up to something low".
She disguises herself in virginal white robes and a veil (much like Philia's) to try to catch Senex being unfaithful.
Pseudolus convinces Hysterium to help him by dressing in drag and pretending to be Philia, "dead" from the plague.
Unfortunately, it turns out that Miles Gloriosus has just returned from Crete, where there is of course no actual plague.
With the ruse thus revealed, the main characters run for their lives, resulting in a madcap chase across the stage with both Miles and Senex pursuing all three "Philia"s (Domina, Hysterium, and the actual Philia – all wearing identical white robes and veils).
Meanwhile, the courtesans from the house of Marcus Lycus &ndash; who had been recruited as mourners at "Philia"'s ersatz funeral &ndash; have escaped, and Lycus sends his eunuchs out to bring them all back, adding to the general pandemonium.
Finally, the Captain's troops are able to round everyone up.
His plot thoroughly unraveled, Pseudolus appears to be in deep trouble – but Erronius, completing his third circuit of the Roman hills, shows up fortuitously to discover that Miles Gloriosus and Philia are wearing matching rings which mark them as his long-lost children.
Philia's betrothal to the Captain is obviously nullified by the unexpected revelation that he's her brother.
Philia weds Hero; Pseudolus gets his freedom and the lovely courtesan Gymnasia; Gloriosus receives twin courtesans to replace Philia; and Erronius is reunited with his children.
A happy ending prevails for all – except for poor Senex, stuck with his shrewish wife Domina.
<EOS>
Being transported to the Middle Ages, Ash Williams is captured by Lord Arthur's men, who suspect him an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war.
He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle.
Ash is thrown in a pit where he kills a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur's Wise Man.
After demanding Henry and his men be set free, as he knew it was a witch hunt, and killing a Deadite publicly, Ash is celebrated as a hero.
He grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur's fallen knights.
According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is through the magical Necronomicon Ex-Mortis.
Ash then starts his search for the Necronomicon.
As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash into a windmill, crashing into a mirror.
Small reflections of Ash in the mirror shards come to life, with one becoming a life-sized clone, after which Ash kills and buries it.
When he arrives at the Necronomicons location, he finds three books instead of one and determines which is the actual book.
Attempting to say the phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely&nbsp;– "Klaatu barada nikto", he forgets and tries to unsuccessfully mumble and cough "nikto".
He then grabs it and rushes back, while the dead and his evil copy resurrect, uniting into the Army of Darkness.
Upon return, Ash demands to be returned to his own time.
However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite, and later transformed into one.
Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the Army and the people reluctantly agree.
Using knowledge from textbooks in his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the medieval soldiers to victory over the Deadites and Evil Ash, saving Sheila and bringing peace between Arthur and Henry.
The Wise Men return him to the present by giving him a potion after reciting the phrase.
Back in the present, Ash recounts his story to a fellow employee at his job, working in "S-Mart".
As he talks to a girl who is interested in his story, a surviving Deadite, allowed to come to the present due to Ash again forgetting the last word, attacks the customers.
Ash kills it using a Winchester rifle from the Sporting Goods department, finally ending the threat.
The original ending, preferred by Raimi and Campbell themselves, is one in which Ash is shown being placed in a cave and given a potion which will put him to sleep for centuries.
Echoing his experience in botching the recovery of the Necronomicon, Ash mishandles the specific instructions for the potion, accidentally taking an extra dose.
Ash awakes and arises from his cave to find himself in a post-apocalyptic future, in which the city of London is in ruins.
The original ending was restored to the film for the UK VHS release, which also had the S-Mart ending put in as a post-credit extra.
This scene has been restored on the Army of Darkness: Director's Cut Region 3 DVD released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, the "director's cut bootleg edition" DVD and the double-disc DVD, which also featured the S-Mart ending of the film.
The S-Mart ending was shot for the American release; the studio wanted to end the film on a high note for the character of Ash.
Raimi believed Ash to be more of a fool, which is why he liked to torture him so much in his films; Ash being a goof and drinking too much potion was in his character.
<EOS>
The film follows two juxtaposed families.
One is the Northern Stonemans: abolitionistS.
Representative Austin Stoneman (based on the Reconstruction-era Representative Thaddeus Stevens), his two sons, and his daughter Elsie.
The other is the Southern Camerons: dr Cameron, his wife, their two daughters, and three sons.
The Stoneman brothers visit the Cameron estate in South Carolina, representing the Old South.
Phil, the elder Stoneman son, falls in love with Margaret Cameron, while young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.
When the Civil War begins, these young men enlist in their respective armies.
Black militiamen under a white leader ransack the Cameron house; the Cameron women are rescued by Confederate soldiers who rout the militia.
Meanwhile, the younger Stoneman and two of the Cameron brothers are killed in the war.
Ben Cameron leads a heroic charge at the Siege of Petersburg, earning the nickname of "the Little Colonel".
But he is also wounded and captured, and is taken to a Union hospital in Washington,C.
There he meets Elsie Stoneman, whose picture he has been carrying; she is working there as a nurse.
While recovering, Cameron is told that he will be hanged for being a Confederate guerrilla.
Elsie takes Cameron's mother, who had traveled to Washington to tend her son, to see Abraham Lincoln, and mrs Cameron persuades the President to pardon Ben.
When Lincoln is assassinated at Ford's Theater, his conciliatory postwar policy expires with him.
In the wake of the president's death, Austin Stoneman and his fellow Radical Republicans are determined to punish the South, employing harsh measures that Griffith depicts as having been typical of the Reconstruction era.
Stoneman and his protégé Silas Lynch, a mulatto exhibiting psychopathic characteristics, travel to South Carolina to observe the implementation of Reconstruction policies firsthand.
Black occupation soldiers are seen parading through the streets and pushing white residents aside on the sidewalks.
During the election, in which Lynch is elected lieutenant governor, whites are seen being prevented from voting while blacks are observed stuffing the ballot boxes.
The newly elected, mostly black members of the South Carolina legislature are shown at their desks displaying inappropriate behavior, such as one member taking off his shoe and putting his feet up on his desk, and others drinking liquor and feasting on stereotypically African American fare such as fried chicken.
The legislature passes laws requiring white civilians to salute black soldiers and allowing mixed-race marriages.
Meanwhile, inspired by observing white children pretending to be ghosts to scare black children, Ben fights back by forming the Ku Klux Klan.
As a result, Elsie, out of loyalty to her father, breaks off her relationship with Ben.
Later, Flora Cameron goes off alone into the woods to fetch water and is followed by Gus, a freedman and soldier who is now a captain.
He confronts Flora and tells her that he desires to get married.
Frightened, she flees into the forest, pursued by Gus.
Trapped on a precipice, Flora warns Gus she will jump if he comes any closer.
When he does, she leaps to her death.
Having run through the forest looking for her, Ben has seen her jump; he holds her as she dies, then carries her body back to the Cameron home.
In response, the Klan hunts down Gus, tries him, finds him guilty, lynches him, and delivers his corpse to lt lt Lynch's doorstep.
Lynch then orders a crackdown on the Klan.
dr Cameron, Ben's father, is arrested for possessing Ben's Klan regalia, now considered a crime punishable by death.
His faithful black servants rescue him with help from Phil Stoneman.
Together they flee, along with Margaret Cameron.
When their wagon breaks down, they make their way through the woods to a small hut that is home to two sympathetic former Union soldiers who agree to hide them.
As an intertitle states, "The former enemies of North and South are united again in defense of their Aryan birthright".
Congressman Stoneman leaves to avoid being connected with lt lt Lynch's crackdown.
Elsie, learning of dr Cameron's arrest, goes to Lynch to plead for his release.
Lynch, who had been lusting after Elsie, tries to force her to marry him, which causes her to faint.
Stoneman returns, causing Elsie to be placed in another room.
At first, Stoneman is happy when Lynch tells him he wants to marry a white woman, but is then angered when Lynch tells him that it is Stoneman's daughter.
Undercover Klansmen spies discover Elsie's plight when she breaks a window and cries out for help, and the Klansmen go to get help.
Elsie falls unconscious again, and revives while gagged and being bound.
The Klan, gathered together at full strength and with Ben leading them, rides in to gain control of the town.
When news about Elsie reaches Ben, he and others go to her rescue.
Elsie frees her mouth and screams for help.
Lynch is captured.
Victorious, the Klansmen celebrate in the streets.
Meanwhile, Lynch's militia surrounds and attacks the hut where the Camerons are hiding.
The Klansmen, with Ben at their head, race in to save them just in time.
The next election day, blacks find a line of mounted and armed Klansmen just outside their homes, and are intimidated into not voting.
The film concludes with a double wedding as Margaret Cameron marries Phil Stoneman and Elsie Stoneman marries Ben Cameron.
The masses are shown oppressed by a giant warlike figure who gradually fades away.
The scene shifts to another group finding peace under the image of Jesus Christ.
The penultimate title rhetorically asks: "Dare we dream of a golden day when the bestial War shall rule no more.
But instead — the gentle Prince in the Hall of Brotherly Love in the City of Peace".
<EOS>
In Los Angeles in November 2019, ex-police officer Rick Deckard is detained by officer Gaff and brought to his former supervisor, Bryant.
Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire" (a euphemism for killing) them, is informed that four have come to Earth illegally.
As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives.
Deckard watches a video of a Blade Runner named Holden administering the "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their emotional response to questions.
The test subject, Leon, shoots Holden after Holden asks about Leon's mother.
Bryant wants Deckard to retire Leon and the other three replicants: Roy Batty, Zhora, and Pris.
Deckard initially refuses, but after Bryant ambiguously threatens him, he reluctantly agrees.
Deckard begins his investigation at the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models.
While there, he discovers that dr Eldon Tyrell's assistant Rachael is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human.
Rachael has been given false memories to provide an "emotional cushion".
As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine whether she is a replicant.
Events are then set into motion that pit Deckard's search for the replicants against their search for Tyrell to force him to extend their lives.
Roy and Leon investigate a replicant eye-manufacturing laboratory and learn of Sebastian, a gifted genetic designer who works closely with Tyrell.
Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo, but after Deckard reveals that her memories are implants from Tyrell's niece, she leaves his apartment in tears.
Meanwhile, Pris locates Sebastian and manipulates him to gain his trust.
While searching Leon's hotel room, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works.
Deckard kills Zhora and shortly after is told by Bryant to also retire Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation.
After Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd, he is attacked by Leon, but Rachael kills Leon using Deckard's dropped pistol.
The two return to Deckard's apartment, and during an intimate discussion, he promises not to hunt her; as she abruptly tries to leave, Deckard physically restrains her, forcing her to kiss him.
Arriving at Sebastian's apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead.
Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of "Methuselah Syndrome", a genetic premature aging disorder, his life will also be cut short.
Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell's secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker.
Tyrell tells him that it is impossible.
Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things" which Tyrell dismisses, praising Roy's advanced design and accomplishments in his short life.
Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him.
Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who then rides the elevator down alone.
Though not shown, it is implied by Bryant via police radio that Roy also kills Sebastian.
Upon entering Sebastian's apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but he manages to kill her just as Roy returns.
As Roy starts to die, he chases Deckard through the building, ending up on the roof.
Deckard tries to jump to an adjacent roof, but misses and is left hanging precariously between buildings.
Roy makes the jump with ease, and as Deckard's grip loosens, Roy hoists him onto the roof, saving him.
As Roy's life runs out, he delivers a monologue about how his memories "will be lost in time, like tears in rain"; Roy dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently.
Gaff arrives and shouts across to Deckard, "It's too bad she won't live, but then again, who does.
" Deckard returns to his apartment and finds the door ajar, but Rachael is safe, asleep in his bed.
As they leave, Deckard notices a small tin-foil origami unicorn on the floor, a familiar calling card that brings back to him Gaff's final words.
Deckard and Rachael quickly leave the apartment block.
<EOS>
In the American Old West of 1874, construction on a new railroad will soon be going through Rock Ridge, a frontier town inhabited exclusively by white people with the surname Johnson.
The conniving State Attorney General Hedley Lamarr (Harvey Korman) wants to force Rock Ridge's residents to abandon their town, thereby lowering land prices.
After he sends a gang of thugs, led by his flunky assistant Taggart (Slim Pickens), to shoot the sheriff and trash the town, the townspeople demand that Governor William Le Petomane (Mel Brooks) appoint a new sheriff to protect them.
Lamarr persuades the dim-witted Le Petomane to appoint Bart (Cleavon Little), a black railroad worker who was about to be hanged.
A black sheriff, he reasons, will offend the townspeople, create chaos, and leave the town at his mercy.
With his quick wits and the assistance of recovering alcoholic gunslinger Jim, the Waco Kid (Gene Wilder), Bart works to overcome the townspeople's hostile reception.
He subdues Mongo (Alex Karras), an immensely strong, dim-witted, but philosophical henchman sent to kill him, and then beats German seductress-for-hire Lili von Shtupp (Madeline Kahn) at her own game.
Lamarr, furious that his schemes have backfired, hatches a larger plan involving a recruited army of thugs, including common criminals, Ku Klux Klansmen, and Nazi soldiers.
Three miles east of Rock Ridge, Bart introduces the white townspeople to the black and Chinese railroad workers—who have agreed to help in exchange for acceptance by the community—and explains his plan to defeat Lamarr's army.
They labor all night to build a perfect replica of their town, as a diversion; but with no people in it, Bart realizes it won't fool the villains.
While the townspeople construct replicas of themselves, Bart, Jim, and Mongo buy time by constructing the "William Le Pétomane Memorial Thruway", forcing the raiding party to turn back for "a shitload of dimes" to pay the toll.
Once through the tollbooth, the raiders attack the fake town populated with dummies, which are boobytrapped with dynamite bombs.
After Jim detonates the bombs with his sharpshooting, launching bad guys and horses skyward, the Rock Ridgers storm the villains.
The resulting brawl between townsfolk, railroad workers, and Lamarr's thugs breaks the fourth wall—literally—spilling onto a neighboring set where director Buddy Bizarre (Dom DeLuise) is directing a Busby Berkeley-style top-hat-and-tails musical number; then into the studio commissary for a food fight; and then out of the Warner Bros.
film lot into the streets of Burbank.
Lamarr, realizing he has been beaten again, hails a taxi and orders the driver to "get me out of this picture".
He ducks into Grauman's Chinese Theatre, which is playing the premiere of Blazing Saddles.
As he settles into his seat, he sees Bart arriving on horseback outside the theatre.
Bart blocks Lamarr's escape, and then, in a spoof of a classic cinematic gunfight, shoots him in the groin.
Bart and Jim then go into Grauman's to watch the end of the film, in which Bart announces to the townspeople that he is moving on, for his work there is done (and he is bored).
Riding out of town, he finds Jim (finishing his popcorn), and invites him along to "nowhere special".
The two friends ride off into the sunset—in a chauffeured stretch limousine.
<EOS>
Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) returns to his logging home town of Lumberton, North Carolina, from Oak Lake College after his father suffers a near-fatal stroke.
While walking home from the hospital, he cuts through a vacant lot and discovers a severed ear.
Jeffrey takes the ear to police detective John Williams (George Dickerson) and becomes reacquainted with the detective's daughter, Sandy (Laura Dern).
She tells him details about the ear case and a suspicious woman, Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rossellini), who may be connected to the case.
Increasingly curious, Jeffrey enters Dorothy's apartment by posing as an exterminator, and while Dorothy is distracted by a man dressed in a yellow suit at her door (whom Jeffrey later refers to as the Yellow Man), Jeffrey steals her spare key.
Jeffrey and Sandy attend Dorothy's nightclub act, in which she sings "Blue Velvet", and leave early so Jeffrey can sneak into her apartment to snoop.
He hurriedly hides in a closet when she returns home.
However, Dorothy, wielding a knife, discovers him and threatens to kill him.
Believing his curiosity is merely sexual and aroused by his voyeurism, Dorothy makes Jeffrey undress at knifepoint and begins to fellate him before their encounter is interrupted by a knock at the door.
Dorothy hides Jeffrey in the closet.
From there he witnesses the visitor, Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), inflict his bizarre sexual proclivities—which include inhaling an unidentified gas (possibly amyl nitrite), dry humping, and sadomasochism—upon Dorothy.
Frank is an extremely foul-mouthed, violent sociopath whose orgasmic climax is a fit of both pleasure and rage.
He continually refers to her as "Mommy" and to himself as both the "Daddy" and the "Baby", who "wants to fuck".
Frank has kidnapped Dorothy's husband and son to force her to perform sexual favors; to "Do it for van Gogh".
When Frank leaves, a sad and desperate Dorothy tries to seduce Jeffrey again and demands that he hit her, but when he refuses, she tells him to leave.
When Jeffrey moves to leave, she asks him to stay, though he leaves anyway.
Jeffrey relays his experience to Sandy, asking her why there are people like Frank.
Sandy in turn tells him of a wonderful dream she had about robins that she interprets as a sign of hope for humanity.
Jeffrey and Sandy find themselves attracted to each other, though Sandy has a boyfriend.
Jeffrey again visits Dorothy's apartment and she tells him that although she knows nothing about him, she has been yearning for him.
Jeffrey attends another of Dorothy's performances at the club, where she sings the same song.
At the club, Jeffrey spots Frank in the audience fondling a piece of blue velvet fabric he cut from Dorothy's robe.
Jeffrey follows Frank and spends the next few days spying on him.
Shortly afterwards, two men that Jeffrey calls the Well-Dressed Man and the Yellow Man exit an industrial building that Frank frequently visits.
Jeffrey concludes the men are criminal associates of Frank, and tells his new findings to Sandy.
The two briefly kiss, though she feels uncomfortable about going any further.
Jeffrey immediately visits Dorothy again, and the two have sex.
However, when he refuses to hit her, she pressures him, becoming more emotional.
In a blind rage he knocks her backwards and is instantly horrified, but Dorothy derives pleasure from it.
Afterwards, Frank catches Dorothy and Jeffrey together and forces them both to accompany him to the apartment of Ben (Dean Stockwell), his suave, effeminate partner in crime who is holding Dorothy's son.
Ben lip-syncs a performance of Roy Orbison's "In Dreams", sending Frank into maudlin sadness, then rage.
Frank takes Jeffrey to a lumber yard and when he molests Dorothy, Jeffrey stands up to Frank by punching him.
Frank's cronies drag Jeffrey out of the car and Frank kisses Jeffrey's face, intimidates him, and then savagely beats him to the overture of "In Dreams".
Jeffrey wakes the next day at the same place and walks home, overcome with guilt and despair.
He goes to the police station, where he notices that Sandy's father's partner is the Yellow Man—an officer named Lieutenant Detective Tom Gordon (Fred Pickler).
Later, at Sandy's home, her father is amazed by Jeffrey's story, but warns Jeffrey to stop his amateur sleuthing lest he endanger himself and the investigation.
Jeffrey and Sandy go to a dance together and profess their love, only to be confronted by Sandy's boyfriend.
A confrontation is averted when the group finds Dorothy—naked, battered, and distressed—on Jeffrey's front lawn.
Barely conscious, Dorothy reveals her intimacy with Jeffrey, causing Sandy to become upset and to slap Jeffrey, although she later forgives him.
Jeffrey insists on returning to Dorothy's apartment and tells Sandy to immediately send the police there, including her father.
At Dorothy's apartment, Jeffrey finds Dorothy's husband (Don Vallens), who is dead from a gunshot to the head and identifiable by his missing ear, as well as the Yellow Man (Gordon), who bears a gruesome head wound and appears to have suffered a crude lobotomy.
When Jeffrey tries to leave, he sees the Well-Dressed Man coming up the stairs and recognizes him as Frank in disguise.
Jeffrey talks to Detective Williams over the Yellow Man's police radio, but lies about his location inside the apartment.
Frank enters the apartment and brags about hearing Jeffrey's location over his own police radio.
While Frank searches for him in the wrong room, Jeffrey retrieves the Yellow Man's gun and hides in the same closet in which he hid during his first visit to the apartment.
Frank fires sporadically, knocking over the dead Yellow Man, who had still been standing up, and when he opens the closet door, Jeffrey fatally shoots him in the head.
Detective Williams, gun drawn, enters with Sandy a moment later.
Jeffrey and Sandy now go ahead with their relationship and note the unusual appearance of robins in their town.
A montage sequence ends the film, which shows Dorothy and her son reunited.
<EOS>
Beginning several months after the events in Blade Runner, Deckard has retired to an isolated shack outside the city, taking the replicant Rachael with him in a Tyrell transport container, which slows down the replicant aging process.
He is approached by a woman who explains she is Sarah Tyrell, niece of Eldon Tyrell, heiress to the entire Tyrell Corporation and the human template (templant) for the Rachael replicant.
She asks Deckard to hunt down the "missing" sixth replicant.
At the same time, the human template for Roy Batty hires Dave Holden, the blade runner attacked by Leon, to help him hunt down the man he believes is the sixth replicant - Deckard.
Deckard and Holden's investigations lead them to re-visit Sebastian, Bryant, and John Isidore (from the book Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep.
), learning more about the nature of the blade runners and the replicants.
When Deckard, Batty, and Holden finally clash, Batty's inhuman fighting prowess leads Holden to believe he has been duped all along and that Batty is the sixth replicant; he shoots him.
Deckard returns to Sarah with his suspicion: there is no sixth replicant.
Sarah, speaking via a remote camera, confesses that she created and maintained the rumor herself, to deliberately discredit and eventually destroy the Tyrell Corporation, after her uncle Eldon created Rachael based on her and then abandoned the real Sarah.
Sarah brings Rachael back to the Corporation building to meet with Deckard, and he escapes with her.
However, Holden - recovering from his injuries during the fight - later finds the truth: Rachael has been killed by Tyrell agents, and the "Rachael" who escaped with Deckard was actually Sarah.
She has completed her revenge by both destroying Tyrell, and taking back Rachael's place.
<EOS>
An omniscient (though possibly unreliable) narrator relates that in 1750s Ireland, the father of Redmond Barry is killed in a duel over a sale of some horses.
The widow, disdaining offers of marriage, devotes herself to her only son.
As a despondent young man, Barry becomes infatuated with his older cousin, Nora Brady.
Though she charms him during a card game, she later shows interest in a well-off British Army captain, John Quin, much to Barry's dismay.
Nora and her family plan to leverage their finances through marriage, while Barry holds Quin in contempt and escalates the situation until a fateful duel beside a river when Barry shoots Quin.
In the aftermath, Barry is urged to flee from incoming police and head through the countryside towards Dublin, but along the way he is robbed of purse, pistol, and horse by Captain Feeney, an infamous highwayman.
Dejected, Barry carries on to the next town, where he hears a promotional spiel to join the British Army, offering the chance at fame and glory (and a lifelong pension) in return for good service.
Barry enlists.
Some time after joining the regiment, Barry encounters Captain Grogan, a warm-hearted family friend.
Grogan informs him that Barry did not in fact kill Quin, his dueling pistol having only been loaded with tow.
The duel was staged by Nora's family to be rid of Barry so that their finances would be secured through a lucrative marriage.
Barry’s regiment is sent to Germany to fight in the Seven Years' War, where Captain Grogan is fatally wounded by the French in a skirmish at the Battle of Minden.
Fed up with the war, Barry deserts the army, stealing an officer courier's uniform, horse, and identification papers.
En route to neutral Holland he encounters the Prussian Captain Potzdorf, who, seeing through his disguise, offers him the choice of being turned back over to the British where he will be shot as a deserter, or enlisting in the Prussian Army.
Barry enlists in his second army and later receives a special commendation from Frederick the Great for saving Potzdorf's life in a battle.
Two years later, after the war ends in 1763, Barry is employed by Captain Potzdorf's uncle in the Prussian Ministry of Police to become the servant of the Chevalier de Balibari, an expirate Irishman and professional gambler.
The Prussians suspect he is a spy and send Barry as an undercover agent to verify this.
Barry reveals himself to the Chevalier right away and they become confederates at the card table, where Barry and his fine eyesight relay information to his partner.
After he and the Chevalier cheat the Prince of Tübingen at the card table, the Prince accuses the Chevalier (without proof) and refuses to pay his debt and demands satisfaction.
When Barry relays this to his Prussian handlers, they (still suspecting that the Chevalier is a spy) are wary of allowing another meeting between the Chevalier and the Prince.
So, the Prussians arrange for the Chevalier to be expelled from the country.
Barry conveys this plan to the Chevalier, who flees in the night.
The next morning, Barry, under disguise as the Chevalier, is escorted from Prussian territory by Captain Potzdorf and other Prussian officers.
Over the next few years, Barry and the Chevalier travel the spas and parlors of Europe, profiting from their gambling with Barry forcing payment from reluctant debtors with sword duels.
Seeing that his life is going nowhere, Barry decides to marry into wealth.
At a gambling table in Spa, Belgium, he encounters the beautiful and wealthy Countess of Lyndon (Marisa Berenson).
He seduces and later marries her after the death of her elderly husband, Sir Charles Lyndon (Frank Middlemass).
In 1773, Barry takes the Countess' last name in marriage and settles in England to enjoy her wealth, still with no money of his own.
Lord Bullingdon, Lady Lyndon's ten-year-old son by Sir Charles, does not approve of the marriage and quickly comes to despise Barry, calling him a 'common opportunist' who does not truly love his mother.
Barry retaliates by subjecting Bullingdon to systematic physical abuse.
The Countess bears Barry a son, Bryan Patrick, but the marriage is unhappy: Barry is openly unfaithful and enjoys spending his wife's money on self-indulgent luxuries, while keeping his wife in seclusion.
Some years later, Barry's mother comes to live with him at the Lyndon estate.
She warns her son that if Lady Lyndon were to die, all her wealth would go to her first-born son Lord Bullingdon, leaving Barry and his son Bryan penniless.
Barry's mother advises him to obtain a noble title to protect himself.
To further this goal, he cultivates the acquaintance of the influential Lord Wendover and begins to expend even larger sums of money to ingratiate himself to high society.
All this effort is wasted, however, during a birthday party for Lady Lyndon.
A now young adult Lord Bullingdon crashes the event where he publicly enumerates the reasons that he detests his stepfather so dearly, declaring it his intent to leave the family estate for as long as Barry remains there and married to his mother.
Seething with hatred, Barry savagely assaults Bullingdon until he is pulled off by the guests.
This loses Barry all the wealthy and powerful friends he has worked so hard to entreat and he is cast out of polite society.
Nevertheless, Bullingdon makes good on his word by leaving the estate and England itself for parts unknown.
In contrast to his mistreatment of his stepson, Barry proves an overindulgent and doting father to Bryan, with whom he spends all his time after Bullingdon's departure.
He cannot refuse his son anything, and succumbs to Bryan's insistence on receiving a full-grown horse for his ninth birthday.
The spoiled Bryan disobeys his parents' direct instructions that Bryan ride the horse only in the presence of his father, is thrown by the horse, is paralyzed, and dies a few days later from his injuries.
The grief-stricken Barry turns to alcohol, while Lady Lyndon seeks solace in religion, assisted by the Reverend Samuel Runt, who had been tutor first to Lord Bullingdon and then to Bryan.
Left in charge of the families' affairs while Barry and Lady Lyndon grieve, Barry's mother dismisses the Reverend, both because the family no longer needs (nor can afford, due to Barry's spending debts) a tutor and for fear that his influence worsens Lady Lyndon's condition.
Plunging even deeper into grief, Lady Lyndon later attempts suicide (though she ingests only enough poison to make herself ill).
The Reverend and the family's accountant Graham then seek out Lord Bullingdon.
Upon hearing of these events, Lord Bullingdon returns to England where he finds Barry drunk in a gentlemen's club, mourning the loss of his son rather than being with Lady Lyndon.
Bullingdon demands satisfaction for Barry's public assault, challenging him to a duel.
The duel with pistols is held in a tithe barn.
A coin-toss gives Bullingdon the right of first fire, but he nervously misfires his pistol as he prepares to shoot.
Barry, reluctant to shoot Bullingdon, magnanimously fires into the ground, but the unmoved Bullingdon refuses to let the duel end, claiming he has not received "satisfaction".
In the second round, Bullingdon shoots Barry in his left leg.
At a nearby inn, a surgeon informs Barry that the leg will need to be amputated below the knee if he is to survive.
While Barry is recovering, Bullingdon re-takes control of the Lyndon estate.
A few days later, Bullington sends a very nervous Graham to the inn with a proposition: Lord Bullingdon will grant Barry an annuity of five hundred guineas a year on the condition that he leave England, with payments ending the moment should Barry ever return.
Otherwise, with his credit and bank accounts exhausted, Barry's creditors and bill collectors will assuredly see that he is jailed.
Defeated in mind and body, Barry accepts.
The narrator states that Barry went first back to Ireland with his mother, then to the European continent to resume his former profession of gambler (though without his former success).
Barry kept his word and never returned to England or ever saw Lady Lyndon again.
The final scene (set in December 1789) shows a middle-aged Lady Lyndon signing Barry's annuity cheque as her son looks on.
<EOS>
High school senior Buffy Summers (Kristy Swanson) is introduced as a stereotypical, shallow cheerleader at Hemery High School in Los Angeles.
She is a carefree popular girl whose main concerns are shopping and spending time with her rich, snooty friends and her boyfriend, Jeffrey.
While at school one day, she is approached by a man who calls himself Merrick (Donald Sutherland).
He informs her that she is The Slayer, or Chosen One, destined to kill vampires, and he is a Watcher whose duty it is to guide and train her.
She initially rebukes his claims, but is convinced that he is right when he is able to describe a recurring dream of hers in detail.
In addition, Buffy is exhibiting uncanny abilities not known to her, including heightened agility, senses, and endurance, yet she repeatedly tries Merrick's patience with her frivolous nature, indifference to slaying and sharp-tongued remarks.
After several successful outings, Buffy is drawn into conflict with Lothos (Rutger Hauer), a local vampire king and his acolyte, Amilyn (Paul Reubens).
Two young men, Oliver Pike (Luke Perry), and best friend Benny (David Arquette), who resented Buffy and her friends due to differing social circles, are out drinking when they are attacked by Amilyn.
Benny is turned but Pike is saved by Merrick.
As a vampire, Benny visits Pike and tries to get him to join him.
Later, when Pike and his boss are discussing Benny, Pike tells him to run if he sees him.
Not only this, but a studious girl from Buffy's class, Cassandra, is abducted one night by Amilyn and sacrificed to Lothos.
When her body is found, the news spreads through LA and Hemery High, but her murder is met with indifference from Buffy's clique.
When Pike realizes there is something wrong with Benny and that he is no longer safe, he decides to leave town.
His plan is thwarted, however, when he encounters Amilyn and his tribe of vampires.
Amilyn hitches a ride on the hood of his van which crashes into a tree just before Amilyn loses an arm.
Buffy and Merrick arrive to rescue him and Amilyn flees the fight to talk to Lothos.
After this encounter, Buffy and Pike start a friendship, which eventually becomes romantic and Pike becomes Buffy's partner in fighting the undead.
During a basketball game, Buffy finds out that one of the players, and a friend of Jeffrey's, is a vampire.
After a quick chase to a parade float storage yard, Buffy finally confronts Lothos, shortly after she and Pike take down his gang.
Lothos puts Buffy in a hypnotic trance, which is broken due to Merrick's intervention.
Lothos turns on Merrick and stab him with the stake he attempted to use on him.
Lothos leaves, saying that Buffy is not ready.
As Merrick dies, he tells Buffy to do things her own way rather than live by the rules of others and he says "remember about the music".
Because of her new life, responsibilities, and heartbreak, Buffy becomes emotionally shocked and starts dropping her Slayer duties.
When she arrives at school, she attempts to explain everything to her friends, but they refuse to understand her as they are more concerned with their upcoming school dance, and Buffy falls out with them as she realizes she is outgrowing their immature, selfish behavior.
At the senior dance, Buffy tries to patch things up with her friends but they turn against her, and she is dismayed to find Jeffrey has dumped her for one of her friends.
However, she meets up with Pike and as they start to dance and kiss, Lothos leads the remainder of his minions to the school and attacks the students and the attending faculty.
Buffy confronts the vampires outside while Pike fights the vampiric Benny.
After overpowering the vampires, she confronts Lothos inside the school and kills Amilyn.
Lothos hypnotizes Buffy again and when the dance music stops, she remembers Merrick's words and is ready to defend herself.
Lothos ignites her cross but she uses hairspray to create a makeshift flame-thrower and burns him before escaping back into the gym.
Buffy sees everybody recover from the attack, but Lothos emerges again getting into a fight with Buffy, who then stakes him.
As all of the survivors leave, Buffy and Pike decide to finish their dance.
The film then ends with the two of them leaving the dance on a motorcycle, and a news crew interviewing the students and the principal about the attack during the credits.
<EOS>
The Big O is set in the fictional city-state of.
The city is located on a seacoast and is surrounded by a vast desert wasteland.
The partially domed city is wholly controlled by the monopolistic Paradigm Corporation, resulting in a corporate police state.
Paradigm is known as because forty years prior to the story, " destroyed the world outside the city and left the survivors without any prior memories.
The city is characterized by severe class inequity; the higher-income population resides inside the more pleasant domes, with the remainder left in tenements outside.
Androids coexist with the human inhabitants of Paradigm City; while they are rare, they are sufficiently numerous that denizens of the city do not consider them unusual.
Several episodes show inhabitants of Paradigm City practicing some form of Christianity: people congregate in meeting places with crucifixes prominently displayed.
The practice appears to be based on custom, because no one clearly remembers any doctrine associated with the practice.
A ruined cathedral remains unused, although some elderly people occasionally stand in front of it and sing incompletely remembered hymns.
In episode 11, it appears that only Alex Rosewater, CEO of the Paradigm Corporation that runs the city, remembers or observes Christmas.
A holiday commemorating the founding of Paradigm City, "Heaven's Day", is observed on December 25.
Though citizens decorate with generic Christmas decorations, they are ignorant of their original meaning.
Dastun mentions that Rosewater had in his possession fragments of a "Book of Revelation", although neither Dastun nor Roger had heard of it before.
Although the textbook definition of memory is a record stored in the brain of an organism, the citizens of Paradigm City use the term more loosely; can refer to forgotten knowledge, records or artifacts from before The Event, or partial forms of recollection including hallucinations and recurring dreams.
The first season is episodic.
Each episode (referred to as an "Act") relates a separate instance the resurgence of lost "memories" and how the citizens cope with their collective amnesia.
The final episodes introduce elements that come into play during season two, like the discovery of people living outside of Paradigm City, the true nature of the Event, and something obliquely described as "the Power of God wielded by the hand of man".
While the majority of the first season's episodes are self-contained stories, the second season comprises a single serialized story arc.
Alex Rosewater becomes a direct antagonist to Roger, and a mysterious group known as "The Union" is introduced, containing agents of a foreign power working within the City.
The series ends with the awakening of a new megadeus, and the revelation that the world is a simulated reality.
A climactic battle ensues between Big O and Big Fau, after which reality is systematically erased by the new megadeus, an incarnation of Angel, recognised as "Big Venus" by Dorothy.
Roger implores Angel to "let go of the past" regardless of its existential reality, and focus only on the present and the future.
In an isolated control room, the real Angel observes Roger and her past encounters with him on a series of television monitors.
On the control panel lies Metropolis, a book featured prominently since the thirteenth episode, with the cover featuring an illustration of angel wings and gives the author's name as "Angel Rosewater".
Big Venus and Big O physically merge, causing the virtual reality to reset.
A white flash subsides, and the first scenes of the first episode of the series play out.
New versions of Dorothy and Angel watch Roger drive down the street as he delivers again his first speech of the series ("My name is Roger Smith.
I perform a much needed job here in the City of Amnesia"), although he is a little hesitant this time.
The ending title card, "We have come to terms," appears, and the credits roll.
<EOS>
In 1280, King Edward "Longshanks" invades and conquers Scotland following the death of Alexander III of Scotland, who left no heir to the throne.
Young William Wallace witnesses Longshanks' treachery, survives the deaths of his father and brother, and is taken abroad on a pilgrimage throughout Europe by his paternal Uncle Argyle, where he is educated.
Years later, Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland, including Prima Nocte.
Meanwhile, a grown Wallace returns to Scotland and falls in love with his childhood friend Murron MacClannough, and the two marry in secret.
Wallace rescues Murron from being raped by English soldiers, but as she fights off their second attempt, Murron is captured and publicly executed.
In retribution, Wallace leads his clan to slaughter the English garrison in his hometown and send the occupying garrison at Lanark back to England.
Longshanks orders his son Prince Edward to stop Wallace by any means necessary.
Wallace rebels against the English, and as his legend spreads, hundreds of Scots from the surrounding clans join him.
Wallace leads his army to victory at the Battle of Stirling Bridge and then destroys the city of York, killing Longshanks' nephew and sending his severed head to the king.
Wallace seeks the assistance of Robert the Bruce, the son of nobleman Robert the Elder and a contender for the Scottish crown.
Robert is dominated by his father, who wishes to secure the throne for his son by submitting to the English.
Worried by the threat of the rebellion, Longshanks sends his son's wife Isabella of France to try to negotiate with Wallace.
After meeting him in person, Isabella becomes enamored of Wallace.
Warned of the coming invasion by Isabella, Wallace implores the Scottish nobility to take immediate action to counter the threat and take back the country.
Leading the English army himself, Longshanks confronts the Scots at Falkirk where noblemen Lochlan and Mornay, having been bribed by Longshanks, betray Wallace, causing the Scots to lose the battle.
As Wallace charges toward the departing Longshanks on horseback, he is intercepted by one of the king's lancers, who turns out to be Robert the Bruce.
Remorseful, he gets Wallace to safety before the English can capture him.
Wallace kills Lochlan and Mornay for their betrayal, and wages a guerrilla war against the English for the next seven years, assisted by Isabella, with whom he eventually has an affair.
Robert sets up a meeting with Wallace in Edinburgh, but Robert's father has conspired with other nobles to capture and hand over Wallace to the English.
Learning of his treachery, Robert disowns his father.
Isabella exacts revenge on the now terminally ill Longshanks by telling him she is pregnant with Wallace's child.
In London, Wallace is brought before an English magistrate, tried for high treason, and condemned to public torture and beheading.
Even whilst being hanged, drawn and quartered, Wallace refuses to submit to the king.
As cries for mercy come from the watching crowd deeply moved by the Scotsman's valor, the magistrate offers him one final chance, asking him only to utter the word, "Mercy," and be granted a quick death.
Wallace instead shouts, "Freedom.
", and the judge orders his death.
Moments before being decapitated, Wallace sees a vision of Murron in the crowd, smiling at him.
In 1314, Robert, now Scotland's king, leads a Scottish army before a ceremonial line of English troops on the fields of Bannockburn, where he is to formally accept English rule.
As he begins to ride toward the English, he stops and invokes Wallace's memory, imploring his men to fight with him as they did with Wallace.
Robert then leads his army into battle against the stunned English, winning the Scots their freedom.
<EOS>
The site on which the building is constructed was formerly the location of Murray House.
After its brick-by-brick relocation to Stanley, the site was sold by the Government for "only HK$1 billion" in August 1982 amidst growing concern over the future of Hong Kong in the run-up to the transfer of sovereignty.
Once developed, gross floor area was expected to be 100,000 m².
The original project was intended for completion on the auspicious date of 8 August 1988.
However, owing to project delays, groundbreaking took place in March 1985, almost two years late.
It was topped out in 1989, and occupied on 15 June 1990.
The building was initially built by the Hong Kong Branch of the Bank of China; its Garden Road entrance continues to display the name "Bank of China", rather than BOCHK.
The top four and the bottom 19 stories are used by the Bank, while the other floors are leased out.
Ownership has since been transferred to BOCHK, although the Bank of China has leased back several floors for use by its own operations in Hong Kong.
The Government had apparently given preferential treatment to Chinese companies, and was again criticised for the apparent preferential treatment to the BOCHK.
The price paid was half the amount of the 6,250 m² Admiralty II plot, for which the MTR Corporation paid HK$182 billion in cash.
The BOC would make initial payment of $60 million, with the rest payable over 13 years at 6% interest.
The announcement of the sale was also poorly handled, and a dive in business confidence ensued.
The Hang Seng Index fell 80 points, and the HK$ lost 15% of its value the next day.
<EOS>
As Gotham City approaches its bicentennial, Mayor Borg orders district attorney Harvey Dent and police commissioner James Gordon to make the city safer.
Meanwhile, reporter Alexander Knox and photojournalist Vicki Vale begin to investigate rumors of a vigilante nicknamed "Batman" who is targeting the city's criminals.
Mob boss Carl Grissom, who has already been targeted by Dent, discovers his mistress Alicia is involved with his second-in-command Jack Napier.
With the help of corrupt police lieutenant Max Eckhardt, Grissom sets Napier up to be killed in a raid at Axis Chemicals.
However, Grissom's plan is foiled with the arrival of Commissioner Gordon, who wants Napier captured alive.
In the ensuing shootout, Napier kills Eckhardt, but Batman suddenly appears and, in a struggle, Napier is knocked into a vat of chemicals.
Batman escapes, and Napier is presumed dead.
Batman's alter-ego is Bruce Wayne, a billionaire industrialist who, as a child, witnessed his parents' murder at the hands of a psychotic robber.
At a fundraiser at his mansion, Bruce meets and falls for Vale, and the two begin a romantic relationship.
Meanwhile, Napier is revealed to have survived the accident, but left horribly disfigured with chalk white skin, emerald green hair, and a ruby red grin.
Driven insane, Napier calls himself "the Joker", killing Grissom and taking over his criminal empire.
The Joker begins to terrorise Gotham City by lacing hygiene products with "Smilex", a deadly chemical which causes victims to die laughing with the same maniacal grin as the Joker.
Whilst searching for information on Batman, the Joker also falls for Vale.
He lures her to the Gotham Museum of Art, but Batman arrives and rescues her.
They escape in the Batmobile, but are pursued by the Joker's men, whom Batman manages to defeat.
Batman takes Vicki to the Batcave, where he gives her information from his research on Smilex that will allow the city's residents to protect themselves from the toxin.
Furious, the Joker vows to kill Batman.
Bruce visits Vicki at her apartment, prepared to tell her about his alter-ego, but the Joker interrupts their meeting, asking Bruce, "Have you ever danced with the devil by the pale moonlight.
" before shooting him.
Bruce, however, survives and escapes, as he had been wearing body armor.
He remembers that the mugger who killed his parents asked the same question, and deduces that Napier was his parents killer.
Vicki suddenly appears in the Batcave, having been let in by Bruce's butler, Alfred Pennyworth.
After telling her that with the Joker terrorising Gotham, he cannot focus on their relationship, Bruce departs as Batman to destroy the Axis plant.
Meanwhile, the Joker lures the citizens of Gotham to a parade with the promise of free money, but while throwing cash at the crowd as promised, also attacks them with Smilex gas released from his giant parade balloons.
Batman arrives and saves Gotham City using the Batwing.
Furious, the Joker kills Bob, his number one thug, then shoots the Batwing using a long barreled gun, causing it to crash.
The Joker kidnaps Vicki and takes her to the top of a cathedral.
Batman, who survived the crash, fends off the Joker's remaining men despite his injuries, and confronts the Joker.
The two struggle, with Joker eventually gaining the upper hand, leaving Batman and Vicki clinging onto an outcropping.
The Joker tries to escape by helicopter, but Batman attaches a heavy granite gargoyle to the Joker's leg with his grappling hook, causing him to lose his grip and fall to his death after it breaks off.
Commissioner Gordon announces that the police have arrested the Joker's men and unveils the Bat-Signal.
Harvey Dent reads a note from Batman, promising that he will defend Gotham whenever crime strikes again.
Vicki is taken to Wayne Manor by Alfred, who tells her that Bruce will be a little late.
She responds by claiming that she is not a bit surprised, as Batman looks at the bat-signal, standing watch over the city.
<EOS>
When Batman and Robin get a tip that Commodore Schmidlapp is in danger aboard his yacht, they launch a rescue mission using the batcopter.
As Batman descends on the bat-ladder to land on the yacht it suddenly vanishes beneath him.
He rises out of the sea with a shark attacking his leg.
After Batman dislodges it with bat-shark repellent, the shark explodes.
Batman and Robin head back to Commissioner Gordon's office, where they deduce that the tip was a set-up by the United Underworld, a gathering of four of the most powerful villains in Gotham City (Joker, Penguin, Riddler, and Catwoman).
The United Underworld equip themselves with a dehydrator that can turn humans into dust (an invention of Schmidlapp, who is unaware he has been kidnapped), a submarine made to resemble a penguin, and their three pirate henchmen (Bluebeard, Morgan and Quetch).
It is revealed the yacht was really a projection.
When The Dynamic Duo return to a buoy concealing a projector, they are trapped on the buoy by a magnet and targeted by torpedoes.
They use a radio-detonator to destroy two of the missiles, and a porpoise sacrifices itself to intercept the last one.
Catwoman, disguised as Soviet journalist "Miss Kitka", helps the group kidnap Bruce Wayne and pretends to be kidnapped with him, as part of a plot to lure Batman and finish him off with another of Penguin's explosive animals (not knowing that Wayne is Batman's alter-ego).
After Wayne escapes captivity, Penguin disguises himself as the Commodore and schemes his way into the Batcave along with five dehydrated henchmen.
This plan fails when the henchmen unexpectedly disappear into antimatter once struck: Penguin mistakenly rehydrated them with toxic heavy water, used to recharge the Batcave's atomic pile.
Ultimately the Duo are unable to prevent the kidnapping of the dehydrated United World Organization's Security Council.
Giving chase in the batboat to retrieve them (and Miss Kitka, presumed by the duo as still captive), Robin uses a sonic charge weapon to disable Penguin's submarine and force it to surface, where a fist fight ensues.
Although Batman and Robin win the fight, Batman is heartbroken to find out that his "true love" Miss Kitka is actually Catwoman when her mask falls off.
Commodore Schmidlapp accidentally breaks the vials containing the powdered Council members, mixing them together.
Batman sets to work, constructing an elaborate filter to separate the mingled dust.
Robin asks him whether it might be in the world's best interests for them to alter the dust samples, so that humans can no longer harm one another.
In response, Batman says that they cannot do so, reminding Robin of the fate of Penguin's henchmen and their tainted rehydration, and can only hope for people in general to learn to live together peacefully on their own.
With the world watching, the Security Council is re-hydrated.
All of the members are restored alive and well, continuing to squabble among themselves and totally oblivious of their surroundings, but each of them now speaks the language and displays the stereotypical mannerisms of a nation other than their own.
Batman quietly expresses his sincere hope to Robin that this "mixing of minds" does more good than it does harm.
The duo quietly leave United World Headquarters by climbing out of the window.
<EOS>
On a snowy Christmas night, Tucker and Esther Cobblepot throw their deformed infant child Oswald into Gotham River, fearing he would become a menace to society after attacking their pet cat.
His crib floats to an abandoned zoo and is found by a flock of penguins who raise him as one of their own.
33 years later, three years after the defeat of the Joker, during the lighting of Gotham City's Christmas tree, a villainous gang of carnival performers stage a riot.
While billionaire Bruce Wayne, as Batman, subdues the criminals, corrupt businessman Max Shreck falls through a trapdoor and is brought to the underground lair of Cobblepot himself, who is now the nefarious kingpin known as The Penguin.
A former sideshow freak, Cobblepot explains his desire to become a respected citizen of Gotham and blackmails Shreck into helping him.
Meanwhile, Shreck's secretary, Selina Kyle, inadvertently discovers her boss's plan to illegally monopolize Gotham's supply of electricity.
To protect his secrets, Shreck pushes her out of his office window.
Falling through several canopies, Kyle miraculously survives but lies unconscious in an alley.
A group of cats swarm around her and she suddenly regains consciousness.
Traumatized, Kyle develops dissociative identity disorder and, after having a mental breakdown and trashing her apartment, she fashions a black vinyl costume and whip, becoming the formidable Catwoman.
Shreck arranges for one of Cobblepot's men to kidnap the Mayor's infant son, allowing Cobblepot to "rescue" him.
As a reward, Cobblepot is given access to the Gotham City Archives, where he learns his real name, and that he is the last surviving member of his family.
Meanwhile, the Mayor, persuaded by Wayne, refuses to give Shreck a construction permit for his power plant.
Cobblepot orders his gang to attack downtown Gotham, ruining the Mayor's reputation and giving Shreck the opportunity to propose Cobblepot as a replacement.
Batman confronts Cobblepot, but Catwoman appears while firebombing Shreck's department store, and Cobblepot escapes.
After a fight in which Batman knocks her off a building, Catwoman survives by landing in a truck full of kitty litter.
While Kyle enters a romantic relationship with Wayne, as Catwoman, she agrees to help Cobblepot with a plan to ruin Batman's reputation by framing him for the abduction of Gotham's "Ice Princess" beauty queen.
While traversing the rooftops to find the Ice Princess, Penguin's goons disassemble the Batmobile and plant a device into the car that will allow Penguin to control it.
Distracted by Catwoman, Batman is unable to stop Cobblepot from attacking the Princess using a swarm of captive bats.
She falls to her death before Batman tries to save her, making everyone believe that Batman pushed her.
When Catwoman rejects Cobblepot's amorous advances, he responds by attacking her with his motorized helicopter umbrella.
As the umbrella takes her up into the sky, Catwoman narrowly cheats death again as she falls into a rooftop greenhouse.
Fleeing from the police, Batman realizes that Cobblepot is remotely controlling the Batmobile, taking it on a rampage through Gotham.
Batman disables the control device, but not before recording the Penguin's mocking insults about how gullible the people of Gotham are.
At a press conference for Cobblepot organized by Shreck, Batman broadcasts the recording, destroying Cobblepot's public image.
Enraged, Cobblepot flees to the sewers and orders his gang to kidnap and drown all of the first born sons of Gotham's citizens.
At a masquerade ball hosted by Shreck, Wayne and Kyle deduce each other's secret identities.
Cobblepot suddenly invades the party, revealing his intention to drown the kidnapped children, including Shreck's son Chip, in sewage water, prompting Shreck to offer himself instead.
Batman defeats the kidnappers, prompting Cobblepot to unleash an army of penguin soldiers to destroy Gotham with missiles.
Piloting the Batboat through the sewers, Batman redirects the penguins to instead fire on Cobblepot's hideout.
Cobblepot attacks Batman in a rage, but ends up falling through the ceiling of his lair and into the toxic water.
Catwoman ambushes Shreck in a vengeful attempt to kill him, but Batman stops her and unmasks himself, as does Catwoman when she rejects Wayne's attempts to reason with her.
Shreck then shoots Wayne before shooting Kyle multiple times until he runs out of bullets, leaving her severely injured, but not mortally wounded.
Putting a taser to his lips, Kyle kisses Shreck while grabbing hold of an exposed power cable, causing a fiery explosion that kills Shreck.
Wayne, who survived, uncovers Shreck's corpse while digging through the rubble in an attempt to find Kyle.
Cobblepot, mortally wounded from his fall, then arises and tries one last time to kill Wayne with his umbrella, but succumbs to his injuries and dies after collapsing onto the floor.
Subsequently, his penguin family carry out a makeshift funeral that culminates with them pushing his corpse into the water.
Afterwards, as Alfred drives Wayne home, Wayne spots a shadow outside resembling Catwoman.
He follows it and instead finds a stray black cat deciding to take it home.
As he leaves, the Bat-Signal lights up in the night sky as Catwoman watches from afar.
<EOS>
In Gotham, one year after the defeat of Two Face and The Riddler in the previous film, Batman and Robin attempt to thwart mr Freeze from robbing diamonds, but he steals one and flees.
In South America, Pamela Isley is working under dr Jason Woodrue, experimenting with the Venom drug.
She witnesses Woodrue use the formula to turn a diminutive convict into a hulking monstrosity dubbed "Bane".
Woodrue and Isley argue over the use of the drug and Woodrue kills her by overturning a shelf of various toxins.
She transforms into the beautiful and seductive Poison Ivy before killing Woodrue with her poisonous kiss.
She finds that Wayne Enterprises funded Woodrue, thus she takes Bane with her to Gotham City.
Meanwhile, Alfred Pennyworth's niece, Barbara Wilson, makes a surprise visit and is invited by Bruce Wayne to stay at Wayne Manor until she goes back to school.
Wayne Enterprises presents a new telescope at a press conference interrupted by Isley.
She proposes a project that could help the environment, but Bruce declines her offer, as it would kill millions of people.
That night, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests, Batman and Robin, and she decides to use her abilities to seduce them.
Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event.
However, he is captured and sent to a chamber prison in Arkham Asylum, but escapes with the help of Ivy and Bane.
Batman and Robin begin to have crime fighting relationship problems because of Ivy's seductive ability with Robin.
Ivy is then able to contact Robin once more, she kisses him but fails to kill him due to Robin wearing rubber lips.
Robin becomes trapped, but rescued by Batman.
Batgirl shows up and defeats Ivy, and reveals that she is Barbara Wilson and knows the location of the Batcave.
Batman, Robin and Batgirl decide to go after Freeze together.
By the time they get to the lab where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen.
Robin confronts Bane and defeats him, while Batman and Freeze begin to fight each other, with Batman defeating Freeze.
Batgirl and Robin manage to unfreeze Gotham; and Batman shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl.
Freeze learns that Ivy has betrayed him over the death of his wife.
Ivy blamed Batman for Nora's death, but she informs Batgirl that it was her idea.
Freeze is angered by the betrayal and is informed by Batman that his wife is not dead; she is restored in cryogenic slumber and has been moved to Arkham waiting for him to finish his research.
Batman proceeds to ask Freeze for the cure Freeze has created for the first stage of MacGregor's Syndrome, the disease that Freeze's wife is suffering from, for a friend (Alfred) who is dying.
Freeze atones for his misunderstanding by giving him medicine he had developed.
Ivy is shown imprisoned in Arkham and Freeze walks in.
Alfred is eventually healed and everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at Wayne Manor.
<EOS>
In Gotham City one year after the previous film, the crime fighter Batman stops a hostage situation caused by a criminal known as Two-Face, the alter ego of the former district attorney Harvey Dent, but Two-Face escapes and remains at large.
Edward Nygma, a researcher at Wayne Enterprises who idolizes Bruce Wayne, has developed a device that can beam television into a person's brain.
Bruce offers to let Nygma come up with schematics for the device and set up a meeting with his assistant.
However, after Nygma demands an answer from him immediately, Bruce rejects the invention, believing it to be too close to mind manipulation.
After killing his supervisor Fred Stickley, Nygma resigns and seeks retaliation against Bruce for rejecting his invention and begins to send him riddles.
A news report reveals how Harvey Dent became Two-Face: when he was prosecuting a mob boss named Sal Maroni, Maroni threw acid on Dent's face, disfiguring half of it.
Batman tried to save him, but failed.
After the incident, Dent seeks to kill Batman for failing to save him.
Bruce meets Chase Meridian, a psychiatrist who is obsessed with Batman, and invites her to come with him to a circus event.
After a performance from the circus performers, The Flying Graysons, Two-Face arrives and threatens to blow up the circus unless Batman comes forward and surrenders his life to him.
The Flying Graysons attempt to stop Two-Face, but they get killed by as a result.
However, Dick Grayson, the youngest member, survives as he climbs to the roof and throws Two-Face's bomb into a river.
Bruce invites the orphaned Dick to stay at Wayne Manor.
Dick, still troubled by the murder of his family, intends to kill Two-Face and avenge his family.
When he discovers that Bruce is Batman, he demands that Bruce help him find Two-Face so that he can kill him, but Bruce refuses.
Meanwhile, Nygma turns himself into a criminal called the Riddler and forms an alliance with Two-Face.
The two steal capital in order to mass-produce Nygma's brainwave device.
At Nygma's business party, Nygma discovers Bruce's alter ego using the brainwave device.
Two-Face arrives and crashes the party.
He nearly kills Batman, but Dick manages to save him.
Meanwhile, Chase has fallen in love with Bruce, which surpasses her obsession with Batman, but she soon discovers that they are one and the same.
Bruce decides to stop being Batman in order to have a normal life with Chase and to prevent Dick from murdering Two-Face.
Dick angrily runs away while Bruce and Chase have dinner together in the manor.
The Riddler and Two-Face arrive and attack Wayne Manor.
The Riddler destroys the Batcave and kidnaps Chase, while leaving an injured Bruce another riddle.
Using the riddles, Bruce and his butler, Alfred, find out the Riddler's secret identity.
Dick returns and becomes Batman's sidekick, Robin.
Batman and Robin head to Riddler and Two-Face's lair, Claw Island, where they are separated.
Robin encounters Two-Face and nearly kills him.
Realizing that he does not have it in him to murder, Robin spares him.
Two-Face gets the upper hand and captures Robin.
Batman arrives at the lair, where Robin and Chase are held as hostages.
The Riddler gives Batman a chance to save only one hostage.
But instead, Batman destroys the Riddler's brainwave collecting device, causing the Riddler to suffer a mental breakdown.
Batman manages to save Robin and Chase.
Two-Face corners the trio and determines their fate with the flip of a coin, but Batman throws a handful of identical coins in the air, causing Two-Face to stumble and fall to his death.
The Riddler is taken to Arkham Asylum and imprisoned, but he claims he knows who Batman is.
Chase is asked to consult on the case, but Nygma says that he himself is Batman, due to his damaged memories.
Chase meets Bruce outside and tells him that his secret is safe before parting ways.
Bruce resumes his crusade as Batman with Robin as his partner to protect Gotham from crime.
<EOS>
The story recounts the beginning of Bruce Wayne's career as Batman and Jim Gordon's with the Gotham City Police Department.
Bruce Wayne returns home to Gotham City at the age of twenty-five from training abroad in martial arts, man-hunting, and science for the past 12 years, and James Gordon moves to Gotham City with his wife, Barbara, after a transfer from Chicago.
Both are swiftly acquainted with the corruption and violence of Gotham City, with Gordon witnessing his partner Detective Arnold John Flass assaulting a teen for fun.
On a surveillance mission to the seedy East End, a disguised Bruce is propositioned by teenaged prostitute Holly Robinson.
He is reluctantly drawn into a brawl with her violent pimp and is attacked by several prostitutes, including dominatrix Selina Kyle.
Two police officers shoot and take him in their squad car, but a dazed and bleeding Bruce breaks his handcuffs and causes a crash, dragging the police to a safe distance before fleeing.
He reaches Wayne Manor barely alive and sits before his father’s bust, requesting guidance in his war on crime.
A bat crashes through a window and settles on the bust, giving him the inspiration to become a bat.
Gordon soon works to rid corruption from the force, but, on orders from Commissioner Gillian Loeb, several officers attack him, including Flass, who personally threatens Gordon’s pregnant wife.
In revenge, the recovering Gordon tracks Flass down, beats and humiliates him, leaving him naked and handcuffed in the snow.
As Gordon becomes a minor celebrity for several brave acts, Batman strikes for the first time, attacking a group of thieves.
Batman soon works up the ladder, even attacking Flass while he was accepting a drug dealer’s bribe.
After Batman interrupts a dinner party attended by many of Gotham’s corrupt politicians and crime bosses to announce his intention to bring them to justice, including Carmine "The Roman" Falcone, Loeb orders Gordon to bring him in by any means necessary.
As Gordon tries in vain to catch him, Batman attacks Falcone, stripping him naked and tying him up in his bed after dumping his car in the river, further infuriating the mob boss.
Assistant district attorney Harvey Dent becomes Batman’s first ally, while Detective Sarah Essen and Gordon, after Essen suggested Bruce Wayne as a Batman suspect, witness Batman save an old woman from a runaway truck.
Essen holds Batman at gunpoint while Gordon is momentarily dazed, but Batman disarms her and flees to an abandoned building.
Claiming the building has been scheduled for demolition, Loeb orders a bomb dropped on it, forcing Batman into the fortified basement, abandoning his belt as the explosives inside catch fire.
A trigger-happy SWAT team led by Branden is sent in, whom Batman attempts to trap in the basement.
They soon escape and, after tranquillising Branden, Batman dodges as the rest open fire, barely managing to survive after two bullet wounds.
Enraged as the team’s carelessly fired bullets injure several people outside, Batman beats the team into submission and, after using a device to attract the bats of his cave to him, he flees amid the chaos.
After witnessing him in action, Selina Kyle, dons a costume of her own to begin a life of crime.
Gordon has a brief affair with Essen, while Batman intimidates a mob drug dealer for information.
The dealer comes to Gordon to testify against Flass, who is brought up on charges.
Upset with Gordon's exploits, Loeb blackmails Gordon against pressing charges with proof of his affair.
After bringing Barbara with him to interview Bruce Wayne, investigating his connection to Batman, Gordon confesses the affair to her.
Batman sneaks into Falcone’s manor, overhearing a plan against Gordon, but is interrupted when Selina Kyle, hoping to build a reputation after her robberies were pinned on Batman, attacks Falcone and his bodyguards, aided from afar by Batman.
Identifying Falcone’s plan as the morning comes, the uncostumed Bruce leaves to help.
While leaving home, Gordon spots a motorcyclist enter his garage.
Suspicious, Gordon enters to see Johnny Vitti, Falcone’s nephew, and his thugs holding his family hostage.
Gordon decisively shoots the thugs and chases Vitti, who has fled with the baby.
The mysterious motorcyclist, now revealed to the reader as Bruce Wayne, rushes out to chase Vitti.
Gordon blows out Vitti's car tire on a bridge and the two fight hand-to-hand, with Gordon losing his glasses, before Vitti and James Gordon Junior fall over the side.
Bruce leaps over the railing and saves the baby.
Gordon realizes that he is standing before an unmasked Batman, but says that he is "practically blind without [his] glasses," and lets Bruce go.
In the final scenes of the comic, Flass turns on Loeb, supplying Dent with evidence and testimony, and Loeb resigns.
Gordon is promoted to captain and stands on the rooftop waiting to meet Batman to discuss somebody called the Joker, who is plotting to poison the reservoir.
<EOS>
The series begins in the late 2032, seven years after the Second Great Kanto Earthquake has split Tokyo geographically and culturally in two.
During the first episode, disparities in wealth are shown to be more pronounced than in previous periods in post-war Japan.
The main antagonist is Genom, a megacorporation with immense power and global influence.
Its main product are boomers—artificial cybernetic life forms that are usually in the form of humans with most of their body's being a machine; also known as cyberoids.
While Boomers are intended to serve mankind, they become deadly instruments in the hands of ruthless individuals.
The AD Police are tasked to deal with Boomer-related crimes.
One of the series' themes is the inability of the department to deal with threats due to political infighting, red tape, and an insufficient budget.
<EOS>
At the beginning of the series, five dominant civilizations (the Humans, Minbari, Narn, Centauri, and the Vorlons) are presented.
"The Shadows" and their various allies are malevolent species who appear later in the series.
Several dozen less powerful species from the League of Non-Aligned Worlds appear, including the Drazi, Brakiri, Vree, Markab, and pak'ma'ra.
The station's first three predecessors (the original Babylon station, Babylon 2 and Babylon 3) were sabotaged or accidentally destroyed before their completion.
The fourth station, Babylon 4, vanished without a trace twenty-four hours after it became fully operational.
The television series takes its name from the Babylon 5 space station, located in the Epsilon Eridani star system, at the fifth Lagrangian point between the fictional planet Epsilon III and its moon.
Babylon 5 is an O'Neill cylinder five miles long and a half-mile to a mile in diameter.
Living areas accommodate the various alien species, providing differing atmospheres and gravities.
Human visitors to the alien sectors are shown using breathing equipment and other measures to tolerate the conditions.
The five seasons of the series each correspond to one fictional sequential year in the period 2258–2262.
Each season shares its name with an episode that is central to that season's plot.
As the series starts, the Babylon 5 station is welcoming ambassadors from various races in the galaxy.
Earth has just barely survived an accidental war with the much more powerful Minbari, who, despite their superior technology, mysteriously surrendered at the brink of the destruction of the human race during the Battle of the Line.
During 2258, Commander Jeffrey Sinclair is in charge of the station.
Much of the story revolves around his gradual discovery that it was his capture by the Minbari at the Battle of the Line which ended the war against Earth.
Upon capturing Sinclair, the Minbari came to believe that he was the reincarnation of Valen, a great Minbari leader and hero of the last Minbari-Shadow war.
Inferring that others of their species had been and were continuing to be reborn as humans, and in obedience to the edict that Minbari do not kill one another lest they harm the soul, they stopped the war just as Earth's final defenses were on the verge of collapse.
Meanwhile, tensions between the Centauri Republic, which is an empire in decline, and the Narn Regime, a former dominion which rebelled and gained freedom, are increasing.
Ambassador G'Kar of the Narn wishes for his people to strike back at the Centauri for what they did, and Ambassador Londo Mollari of the Centauri wishes for his people to become again the great empire they once were.
As part of these struggles, Mollari makes a deal with a mysterious ally to strike back at the Narn, further heightening tensions.
It is gradually revealed that Ambassador Delenn is a member of the mysterious and powerful Grey Council, the ruling body of the Minbari.
Towards the end of 2258, she begins the transformation into a Minbari-human hybrid, ostensibly to build a bridge between the humans and Minbari.
The year ends with the death of Earth Alliance president Luis Santiago.
The death is officially ruled an accident, but some members of the military, including the staff of Babylon 5, believe it to be an assassination.
At the beginning of 2259, Captain John Sheridan replaces Sinclair as the military governor of the station after Sinclair is reassigned as ambassador to Minbar.
He and the command staff gradually learn that the assassination of President Santiago was arranged by his then-Vice President, Morgan Clark, who has now become president.
Conflict develops between the Babylon 5 command staff and the Psi Corps, an increasingly autocratic organization which oversees and controls the lives of human telepaths.
The Shadows, an ancient and extremely powerful race who have recently emerged from hibernation, are revealed to be the cause of a variety of mysterious and disturbing events, including the attack on the Narn outpost at the end of 2258.
Centauri Ambassador Londo Mollari unknowingly enlists their aid through his association with their mysterious human representative mr Morden in the ongoing conflict with the Narn.
The elderly and ailing Centauri emperor, long an advocate of reconciliation with the Narn, unfortunately has insufficient control to prevent others from instigating war against the Narn Regime.
When the emperor dies suddenly during a peace mission to Babylon 5, a number of conspirators, including Ambassador Londo Mollari and Lord Refa, take control of the Centauri government by assassinating their opponents and placing the late emperor's unstable nephew on the throne.
Their first act is to start open aggression against the Narn.
After a full-scale war breaks out, the Centauri with the help of the Shadows through Londo eventually conquer Narn in a brutal attack involving mass drivers, outlawed weapons of mass destruction.
Towards the end of the year, the Clark administration begins to show increasingly totalitarian characteristics, clamping down on dissent and restricting freedom of speech.
The Vorlons are revealed to be the basis of legends about angels on various worlds, including Earth, and are the ancient enemies of the Shadows.
They enlist the aid of Sheridan and the Babylon 5 command staff in the struggle against the Shadows.
The Psi Corps and President Clark, whose government has discovered Shadow vessels buried in Earth's solar system, begin to harness the vessels' advanced technology.
The Clark administration continues to become increasingly xenophobic and totalitarian, and gradually develops an Orwellian government style, including an organization called Night Watch which targets citizens who hold views contrary to those of Clark's regime.
Sheridan and Delenn's "conspiracy of light" works to uncover clues about how to defeat the Shadows.
During a mission near Ganymede, one of the moons of Jupiter, their ship is seen by the Earth Alliance destroyer Agamemnon, but not recognized.
Though they escape and no shots were fired in the encounter, President Clark uses it as an excuse to declare martial law.
This triggers a war of independence on Mars, which had long had a strained political relationship with Earth.
Babylon 5 attempts to avoid conflict with Earth, but in response to civilian bombings on Mars, concerns with Night Watch, and illegal orders meant to oppress their populations, they choose to declare independence from Earth, along with several other outlying Earth Alliance colonies including Orion VII and Proxima III.
In response, the Earth Alliance attempts to retake Babylon 5 by force, but with the aid of the Minbari, who have allied with the station against the growing Shadow threat, the attack is repelled at great cost.
Becoming concerned over the Shadows' growing influence among his people, Centauri ambassador Londo Mollari attempts to sever ties with them.
mr Morden, the Shadows' human representative, tricks him into restoring the partnership by engineering the murder of Mollari's mistress while putting the blame on a rival Centauri House.
Open warfare breaks out between the Shadows and the alliance led by Babylon 5 and the Minbari.
It is learned that genetic manipulation by the Vorlons is the source of telepathy in humans and other races, as it is later discovered that Shadow ships are vulnerable to telepathic attacks.
Displeased at the Vorlons' lack of direct action against the Shadows, Captain John Sheridan browbeats Vorlon ambassador Kosh Naranek into launching an attack against their mutual enemy.
Kosh's deeds lead to his subsequent assassination by the Shadows.
Former station commander Jeffrey Sinclair returns to Babylon 5 to enlist the aid of Captain Sheridan, Delenn, Ivanova and Marcus in stealing the Babylon 4 space station and sending it 1,000 years back in time to use it as a base of operations against the Shadows in the previous Minbari-Shadow war.
Having undergone a similar transformation to the one Delenn had at the end of Season 1, Sinclair transforms into a Minbari and is subsequently revealed to be the actual Valen of Minbari legend, rather than simply a reincarnation.
Meanwhile, as a result of the unstable time travel, Sheridan sees a vision of the downfall of Centauri Prime when it is attacked by Shadow allies after the Shadow war, and he becomes determined to prevent that future.
Sheridan and Delenn begin a romantic relationship, but their lives and the war are interrupted by the sudden reappearance of Sheridan's wife, who was presumed dead after taking part in an archaeological expedition to Z'ha'dum years prior.
She tells Sheridan that the Shadows are not evil, hoping to bring him back with her and recruit him to their cause.
He soon realizes that her mind has been tampered with and corrupted by the Shadows, but accepts her offer to visit Z'ha'dum because he hopes it will save the galaxy sooner and prevent the downfall of Centauri Prime.
He takes with him a pair of nuclear warheads, which he uses to destroy their largest city, and is last seen jumping into a miles-deep pit to escape the explosion.
Shadow vessels appear at the station, but disappear after Sheridan's attack.
However, after they leave, station personnel realize that Garibaldi, who left in a fighter to defend against the vessels, never returned.
In 2261, the Vorlons join the Shadow War, but their tactics become a concern for the alliance when the Vorlons begin destroying entire planets which they deem to have been "influenced" by the Shadows.
Disturbed by this turn of events, Babylon 5 recruits several other powerful and ancient races (the First Ones) to their cause, against both the Shadows and the Vorlons.
Captain John Sheridan returns to the station after escaping from Z'ha'dum and reunites the galaxy against the Shadows, but at a price: barring illness or injury, he has only 20 years left to live.
He is accompanied by a mysterious alien named Lorien who claims to be the first sentient being in the galaxy, and who breathed life into Sheridan at Z'ha'dum.
Once Sheridan returns, he and Delenn formalize their relationship and begin planning to marry, although most of their plans are put on hold due to the ongoing war.
Hours before Sheridan's return, Garibaldi is rescued and returned to the station, in rather dubious circumstances.
Over the course of the next several months, he becomes markedly more paranoid and suspicious of other alien races and of Sheridan than he was before, causing worry among his friends and colleagues.
Centauri Emperor Cartagia forges a relationship with the Shadows.
With the reluctant help of his enemy G'Kar, Londo Mollari engineers the assassination of Cartagia and repudiates his agreement with the Shadows.
In exchange for G'Kar's help, Londo frees the Narn from Centauri occupation.
Londo afterwards kills mr Morden and destroys the Shadow vessels based on the Centauri homeworld, in a successful attempt to save his planet from destruction by the Vorlons.
Aided by the other ancient races, and several younger ones, Sheridan lures both the Vorlons and the Shadows into an immense battle, during which the Vorlons and Shadows reveal that they have been left as guardians of the younger races, but due to philosophical differences, ended up using them as pawns in their endless proxy wars throughout the ages.
The younger races reject their continued interference, and the Vorlons and Shadows, along with the remaining First Ones, agree to depart the galaxy in order to allow the younger races to find their own way.
After the Shadows are defeated, Garibaldi leaves his post as security chief and works on his own as a "provider of information".
He begins working for one William Edgars, a Mars tycoon, who is married to Garibaldi's former love.
While he works ever closer with Edgars, he becomes increasingly aggressive toward Sheridan and eventually leaves Babylon 5.
Minbar is gripped by a brief civil war between the Warrior and Religious castes.
Delenn secretly meets with Neroon of the Warrior caste and convinces him that neither side can be allowed to win.
She tells him that she will undergo a ritual wherein she will be willing to sacrifice herself, but will stop the ritual before she actually dies.
When Neroon sees that she actually intends to go through the entire ritual, he rescues her and sacrifices himself instead, declaring that, although he was born Warrior caste, in his heart he is Religious caste.
As part of the ongoing conflict between Earth and Babylon 5, Garibaldi eventually betrays Sheridan and arranges his capture in order to gain Edgars' trust and learn his plans.
Garibaldi later learns that Edgars had created a virus that is dangerous only to telepaths.
It is then revealed that after Garibaldi was captured the previous year, he was taken to the Psi Corps and re-programmed by Bester to provide information to him at the right time.
Bester releases Garibaldi of his programming, and allows him to remember everything he had done since being kidnapped.
Edgars is killed by Psi Corps operatives.
His wife disappears but is reunited with Garibaldi after the end of the war.
Sheridan is tortured and interrogated by those who hope to break him and turn him into a propaganda tool for Earth's totalitarian government.
Fortunately, Garibaldi is able to help free Sheridan and return him to the campaign to free Earth.
An alliance led by Babylon 5 frees Earth from totalitarian rule by president Clark in a short but bloody war.
This culminates in Clark's suicide and the restoration of democratic government in the Earth Alliance.
Mars is granted full independence, and Sheridan agrees to resign his commission.
The League of Non-Aligned Worlds is dissolved and reformed into the Interstellar Alliance, with Sheridan elected as its first president and continuing his command of the Rangers, who are to act as a galactic equivalent of United Nations peacekeepers.
Londo and G'Kar enter an uneasy alliance to help both their races as well as Sheridan in forming the Interstellar Alliance.
During the final battle to liberate Earth from Clark's regime, Ivanova is critically injured, promised only a few days to live.
Marcus, who had fallen in love with Ivanova, finds the same alien healing device used to revive Garibaldi at the beginning of the second season, and uses it to transfer almost all of his life energy into Ivanova, causing her to live.
This causes her immense emotional anguish, and she chooses to leave Babylon 5 for another posting in EarthForce.
Marcus is placed into indefinite cryonic suspension at her request, pending resuscitation technology.
Sheridan and Delenn complete their marriage ceremony while en route to Babylon 5, where they will head the Interstellar Alliance until the completion of Alliance's permanent headquarters.
In the season finale, the events of 100, 500, 1000, and one million years into the future are shown, depicting Babylon 5's lasting influence throughout history.
Among the events shown are the political aftermath of the 2261 civil war, a subsequent nuclear war on Earth involving a new totalitarian government in 2762, the resulting fall of Earth into a pre-industrial society, the loss and restoration of humanity's knowledge of space travel, and the final evolution of mankind into energy beings similar to the Vorlons, after which Earth's sun goes nova.
In 2262, Earthforce Captain Elizabeth Lochley is appointed to command Babylon 5, which is now also the headquarters of the Interstellar Alliance.
The station grows in its role as a sanctuary for rogue telepaths running from the Psi Corps, resulting in conflict.
G'Kar, former Narn ambassador to Babylon 5, becomes unwillingly a spiritual icon after a book that he wrote while incarcerated during the Narn-Centauri War is published without his knowledge.
The Drakh, former allies of the Shadows who remained in the galaxy, take control of Regent Virini on Centauri Prime through a parasitic creature called a Keeper, then incite a war between the Centauri and the Interstellar Alliance, in order to isolate the Centauri from the Alliance and gain a malleable homeworld for themselves.
Centauri Prime is devastated by Narn and Drazi warships and Londo Mollari becomes emperor, then ends the war.
However, the Drakh blackmail him into accepting a Drakh Keeper, under threat of the complete nuclear destruction of the planet.
Vir Cotto, Mollari's loyal and more moral aide, becomes ambassador to Babylon 5 in his stead.
G'Kar also leaves Babylon 5 to escape his unwanted fame and explore the rim.
Sheridan and Delenn move to a city on Minbar, where the new headquarters of the Interstellar Alliance are located, while celebrating their first year of marriage and the upcoming birth of their son, and mourning the loss of dear friendships.
Garibaldi marries and settles down on Mars, where he and his wife share ownership of a prominent pharmaceutical company.
Most other main characters, including Stephen Franklin and Lyta Alexander, leave Babylon 5 as well.
As shown in flash-forwards earlier in the series, the next several years include the reign of Londo Mollari as Centauri Emperor.
Sixteen years later, Londo sacrifices his life to rescue Sheridan and Delenn from the Drakh, in the hope that they in turn can save Centauri Prime.
To prevent the Drakh from discovering his ruse, he asks G'Kar, now an old friend, to kill him, but Londo's Keeper wakes up and forces him to kill G'Kar in return.
They die at each other's throats, in accordance with Londo's vision many decades earlier, and Vir Cotto succeeds him as emperor, free of Drakh influence.
Three years after Londo's death, Sheridan himself is on the verge of death and takes one last opportunity to gather his old friends together.
Shortly after his farewell party, Sheridan says goodbye to Delenn, though in Minbari fashion they use the word "goodnight" to signify their hope of an eventual reunion.
Sheridan then takes a final trip to the obsolete Babylon 5 station before its decommissioning.
He returns to the site of the final battle between the Vorlons and the Shadows and apparently dies, but is instead claimed by The First One, who invites him to join the other First Ones on a journey beyond the rim of the galaxy.
Babylon 5 station is destroyed in a demolition shortly after Sheridan's departure, its existence no longer necessary as the Alliance has taken over its diplomatic purposes and other trading routes have been established.
This final episode features a cameo by Straczynski as the technician who switches off the lights before Babylon 5 is demolished.
<EOS>
A Bildungsroman relates the growing up or "coming of age" of a sensitive person who goes in search of answers to life's questions with the expectation that these will result from gaining experience of the world.
The genre evolved from folklore tales of a dunce or youngest son going out in the world to seek his fortune.
Usually in the beginning of the story there is an emotional loss which makes the protagonist leave on his journey.
In a Bildungsroman, the goal is maturity, and the protagonist achieves it gradually and with difficulty.
The genre often features a main conflict between the main character and society.
Typically, the values of society are gradually accepted by the protagonist and he/she is ultimately accepted into society — the protagonist's mistakes and disappointments are over.
In some works, the protagonist is able to reach out and help others after having achieved maturity.
There are many variations and subgenres of Bildungsroman that focus on the growth of an individual.
An Entwicklungsroman ("development novel") is a story of general growth rather than self-cultivation.
An Erziehungsroman ("education novel") focuses on training and formal schooling, while a Künstlerroman ("artist novel") is about the development of an artist and shows a growth of the self.
Furthermore, some memoirs and published journals can be regarded as Bildungsroman although being predominantly factual (an example being The Motorcycle Diaries by Ernesto "Che" Guevara).
The term is also more loosely used to describe coming-of-age films and related works in other genres.
<EOS>
In a stretch of woods, two hunters are caught in a "raging thunderstorm".
They decide to seek refuge in Willows House, which is supposedly abandoned and haunted.
When they reach Willows House, they find it to be occupied and the current owner repeatedly denies them hospitality.
One of the hunters attempts to force his entry into the house, but a menacing giant (played by Tor Johnson) appears and scares the intruders away.
Inside a secret laboratory in the house, the owner observes a "monster": a giant octopus.
The "monster" is released from its tank and sent after the intruders.
One of the fleeing hunters is killed by the octopus, while the other is captured by the giant man.
Back in the House, the captive is introduced to the owner and the giant.
The owner is a scientist, dr Eric Vornoff (Bela Lugosi), and the giant is his mute assistant, Lobo (Tor Johnson).
Vornoff explains that he is going to perform an experiment on the unwilling hunter that will either give the captive the strength of twenty men, or kill him.
The man dies on the operating table and the scientist is left visibly disheartened.
In a police station, officer Kelton (Paul Marco) asks to work the case of the monster of Lake Marsh.
His superior Tom Robbins (Harvey Dunn), turns him down and instead asks to see lieutenant Dick Craig (Tony McCoy, producer Donald McCoy's son).
The conversation between Robbins and Craig establishes that there are now 12 missing victims, and the police still has yet to determine what happened to them.
The reporter behind the newspaper reports is Janet Lawton (Loretta King Hadler) who happens to be Craig's fiancée.
Janet forces her way into the office and joins the conversation.
Robbins and Janet argue, and Janet states that she is going to Lake Marsh to personally investigate the place and leaves the station.
In the offices of the newspaper where Janet works, Janet visits the archives of the newspaper, asking the librarian Tillie (Ann Wilner) permission to research Willows House.
Then she leaves the offices.
At the police station, Robbins and Craig have a meeting with an intellectual from Europe, Professor Vladimir Strowski (George Becwar).
He claims that there are significant similarities between the case of the Monster of Lake Marsh and that of the Loch Ness Monster.
He agrees to assist the police in investigating the Marsh, but not at night.
As night falls and another storm begins, Janet drives alone to Lake Marsh.
Due to poor visibility, Janet drives her car off the road and into a ravine.
She leaves the car, and is immediately threatened by a large snake.
As she passes out from fear, Lobo wrestles with the snake to rescue her.
In a brief scene, Lobo caresses and smells the beret of Janet.
Janet wakes up to find herself a prisoner of Vornoff, who uses hypnosis to put her back to sleep.
The following day, Craig and his partner drive to the area around Lake Marsh.
The scene reveals that the area is a swamp.
The partners also discuss the strange weather, and mention that the newspapers could be right about "the atom bomb explosions distorting the atmosphere".
Another bit of dialogue points that Strowski left on his own, missing his scheduled appointment with the police.
The duo eventually discovers Janet's abandoned car and realize she is the 13th missing victim.
They leave the swamp to rush to "a coffee joint about ten miles back".
Meanwhile, Strowski drives a rented car to the swamp.
Through the phone of the coffeehouse, Craig and his partner alert Robbins about Janet's disappearance.
The Captain starts researching her movements and contacts prior to the disappearance.
In Willows House, Janet awakens.
Vornoff and Lobo are there to greet her and offer tea.
Vornoff assures her that Lobo is harmless, but the giant seems fascinated with her and approaches the female captive with questionable intent.
Vornoff resorts to belting his assistant to drive him away, revealing to Janet the violent and despotic nature of her host.
Vornoff offers a brief background explanation for Lobo, mentioning that the giant is just human and that Vornoff found him in the "wilderness of Tibet".
Vornoff abruptly ends the conversation by hypnotically placing Janet back to sleep.
He orders Lobo to transport the captive to Votnoff's private quarters.
Meanwhile, Strowski silently approaches Willows House and enters through the unlocked front door.
While Strowski searches the house, Vornoff arrives to greet him.
They are revealed to be old acquaintances.
Their (unspecified) country of origin is interested in Vornoff's groundbreaking experiments with atomic energy and wants to recruit him.
Vornoff narrates that two decades prior to the events of the film, Vornoff had suggested using experiments with nuclear power which could create superhumans of great strength and size.
In response, he was branded a madman and exiled by his country.
Strowski reveals that he has dreams of conquest in the name of their country, while Vornoff dreams of his creations conquering in his own name.
He has no loyalty to the country which exiled him.
Realizing this, Strowski attacks Vornoff, but Lobo appears to defend Vornoff, and they best Strowski.
By late evening, Craig and his partner return to the swamp and discover Strowski's abandoned car.
The partners part ways in their search of the area, with Craig heading towards Willows House.
Back in the secret laboratory, Vornoff uses a wave of his hand to summon Janet to his current location.
She arrives dressed as a bride, summoned through telepathy.
He has decided to use her as the next subject of his experiments.
Lobo is reluctant to take part in this experiment, and Vornoff uses a whip to re-assert his control over his slave and assistant.
Meanwhile, Craig has entered the house and accidentally discovers the secret passage.
He is himself captured by Vornoff and Lobo.
As the experiment is about to begin, the camera shifts to Lobo, who is visibly distressed.
The viewer is introduced to the inner struggle of the mute giant.
He is torn between his loyalty to Vornoff and his infatuation with Janet.
Taking his decision, Lobo rebels and attacks Vornoff.
After a fight, Lobo knocks Vornoff out, releases Janet, and transports the unconscious Vornoff to the operating table.
The scientist becomes the subject of his own human experiment.
Janet releases Craig, who briefly and ineffectually attempts to stop Lobo.
Craig is once again defeated and knocked out.
This time the experiment works and Vornoff is transformed to an atomic-powered superhuman being.
He and Lobo physically struggle with each other, and this time Vornoff emerges the victor.
Their fight destroys the laboratory and starts a fire.
Vornoff grabs Janet and escapes from the flames.
Robbins and other officers arrive to help Craig.
The police pursue Vornoff through the woods.
There is another thunderstorm, and a lightning strike further destroys Willows House.
With his home and equipment destroyed, a distressed Vornoff abandons Janet and merely attempts to escape.
Craig rolls a rock at him and lands him in the water with the octopus.
The struggles with a nuclear explosion obliterate both combatants, apparently the end result of the chain reaction started at the destroyed laboratory.
The film ends with Robbins commenting that Vornoff "tampered in God's domain".
<EOS>
In a mansion in Xanadu, a vast palatial estate in Florida, the elderly Charles Foster Kane is on his deathbed.
Holding a snow globe, he utters a word, "Rosebud", and dies; the globe slips from his hand and smashes on the floor.
A newsreel obituary tells the life story of Kane, an enormously wealthy newspaper publisher.
Kane's death becomes sensational news around the world, and the newsreel's producer tasks reporter Jerry Thompson with discovering the meaning of "Rosebud".
Thompson sets out to interview Kane's friends and associates.
He approaches Kane's second wife, Susan Alexander Kane, now an alcoholic who runs her own nightclub, but she refuses to talk to him.
Thompson goes to the private archive of the late banker Walter Parks Thatcher.
Through Thatcher's written memoirs, Thompson learns that Kane's childhood began in poverty in Colorado.
In 1871, after a gold mine was discovered on her property, Kane's mother Mary Kane sends Charles away to live with Thatcher so that he would be properly educated.
While Thatcher and Charles' parents discuss arrangements inside, the young Kane plays happily with a sled in the snow outside his parents' boarding-house and protests being sent to live with Thatcher.
Years later, after gaining full control over his trust fund at the age of 25, Kane enters the newspaper business and embarks on a career of yellow journalism.
He takes control of the New York Inquirer and starts publishing scandalous articles that attack Thatcher's business interests.
After the stock market crash in 1929, Kane is forced to sell controlling interest of his newspaper empire to Thatcher.
Back in the present, Thompson interviews Kane's personal business manager, mr Bernstein.
Bernstein recalls how Kane hired the best journalists available to build the Inquirers circulation.
Kane rose to power by successfully manipulating public opinion regarding the Spanish–American War and marrying Emily Norton, the niece of a President of the United States.
Thompson interviews Kane's estranged best friend, Jedediah Leland, in a retirement home.
Leland recalls how Kane's marriage to Emily disintegrates more and more over the years, and he begins an affair with amateur singer Susan Alexander while he is running for Governor of New York.
Both his wife and his political opponent discover the affair and the public scandal ends his political career.
Kane marries Susan and forces her into a humiliating operatic career for which she has neither the talent nor the ambition.
Back in the present, Susan now consents to an interview with Thompson, and recalls her failed opera career.
Kane finally allows her to abandon her singing career after she attempts suicide.
After years spent dominated by Kane and living in isolation at Xanadu, Susan leaves Kane.
Kane's butler Raymond recounts that, after Susan leaves him, Kane begins violently destroying the contents of her bedroom.
He suddenly calms down when he sees a snow globe and says, "Rosebud".
Back at Xanadu, Kane's belongings are being cataloged or discarded.
Thompson concludes that he is unable to solve the mystery and that the meaning of Kane's last word will forever remain an enigma.
As the film ends, the camera reveals that "Rosebud" is the trade name of the sled on which the eight-year-old Kane was playing on the day that he was taken from his home in Colorado.
Thought to be junk by Xanadu's staff, the sled is burned in a furnace.
<EOS>
The film is set in the Qing Dynasty during the 43rd year (1778) of the reign of the Qianlong Emperor.
Li Mu Bai (Chow Yun-fat) is an accomplished Wudang swordsman and Yu Shu Lien (Michelle Yeoh) is a female warrior and professional body guard.
The death of Mu Bai's closest friend and fiancée to Shu Lien complicate these characters' feelings for one another.
They are reconnected when Mu Bai , after choosing to relinquish the warrior lifestyle, asks Shu Lien to gift his sword "Green Destiny" to their friend Sir Te (Sihung Lung) in Beijing.
Long ago, Mu Bai's master was murdered by Jade Fox (Cheng Pei-pei), a woman who sought to learn Wudang skills.
Shu Lien meets with and stays in the compound of Sir Te where she also makes the acquaintance of Jen Yu who is the daughter of a rich and powerful Governor Yu and is about to get married.
One evening, a masked thief sneaks into Sir Te's estate and steals the sword.
Mu Bai and Shu Lien trace the theft to Governor Yu's compound and learn that Jade Fox has been posing as Jen's governess for many years.
Mu Bai makes the acquaintance of Inspector Tsai (Wang Deming), a police investigator from the provinces, and his daughter May (Li Li), who have come to Peking in pursuit of Fox.
Fox challenges the pair and Sir Te's servant Master Bo (Gao Xi'an) to a showdown that night.
Following a protracted battle, the group is on the verge of defeat when Mu Bai arrives and outmaneuvers Fox.
Before Mu Bai can kill Fox, the masked thief reappears and partners with Fox to fight.
Fox resumes the fight and kills Tsai before fleeing with the thief (who is revealed to be Fox's protégé, Jen).
After seeing Jen fight Mu Bai, Fox realizes Jen had been secretly studying the Wudang manual and has surpassed her in combative skills.
At night, a desert bandit named Lo (Chang Chen) breaks into Jen's bedroom and asks her to leave with him.
A flashback reveals that in the past, when Governor Yu and his family were traveling in the western deserts, Lo and his bandits had raided Jen's caravan and Lo had stolen her comb.
She chased after him, following him to his desert cave seemingly in a quest to get her comb back.
However, the pair soon fell passionately in love.
Lo eventually convinced Jen to return to her family, though not before telling her a legend of a man who jumped off a cliff to make his wishes come true.
Because the man's heart was pure, he did not die.
Lo came to Peking to persuade Jen not to go through with her arranged marriage.
However, Jen refuses to leave with him.
Later, Lo interrupts Jen's wedding procession, begging her to come away with him.
Nearby, Shu Lien and Mu Bai convince Lo to wait for Jen at Mount Wudang, where he will be safe from Jen's family, who are furious with him.
Jen runs away from her husband on the wedding night before the marriage could be consummated.
Disguised in male clothing, she is accosted at an inn by a large group of warriors; armed with the Green Destiny and her own superior combat skills, she emerges victorious.
Jen visits Shu Lien, who tells her that Lo is waiting for her at Mount Wudang.
After an angry dispute, the two women engage in a duel.
Shu Lien is the superior fighter, but Jen wields the Green Destiny: the sword destroys each weapon that Shu Lien wields, until Shu Lien finally manages to defeat Jen with a broken sword.
When Shu Lien shows mercy and lowers the sword, Jen injures Shu Lien's arm.
Mu Bai arrives and pursues Jen into a bamboo forest.
Following a duel where Mu Bai regains possession of the Green Destiny, he decides to throw the sword over a waterfall.
In pursuit, Jen dives into an adjoining river to retrieve the sword and is then rescued by Fox.
Fox puts Jen into a drugged sleep and places her in a cavern; Mu Bai and Shu Lien discover her there.
Fox suddenly reappears and attacks the others with poisoned darts.
Mu Bai blocks the needles with his sword and avenges his master's death by mortally wounding Fox, only to realize that one of the darts hit him in the neck.
Fox dies, confessing that her goal had been to kill Jen because she was furious that Jen had hid the secrets of Wudang's far superior fighting techniques from her.
As Jen exits to gather up an antidote for the poisoned dart, Mu Bai prepares to die.
With his last breaths, he finally confesses his love for Shu Lien.
He dies in her arms as Jen returns, too late to save him.
The Green Destiny is returned to Sir Te.
Jen later goes to Mount Wudang and spends one last night with Lo.
The next morning, Lo finds Jen standing on a balcony overlooking the edge of the mountain.
In an echo of the legend that they spoke about in the desert, she asks him to make a wish.
He complies and wishes for them to be together again, back in the desert.
Jen then lifts herself and gently falls down the side of the mountain.
<EOS>
In 1919, Harold Abrahams (Ben Cross) enters the University of Cambridge, where he experiences anti-Semitism from the staff, but enjoys participating in the Gilbert and Sullivan club.
He becomes the first person to ever complete the Trinity Great Court Run – running around the college courtyard in the time it takes for the clock to strike 12.
Abrahams achieves an undefeated string of victories in various national running competitions.
Although focused on his running, he falls in love with a leading Gilbert and Sullivan soprano, Sybil (Alice Krige).
Eric Liddell (Ian Charleson), born in China of Scottish missionary parents, is in Scotland.
His devout sister Jennie (Cheryl Campbell) disapproves of Liddell's plans to pursue competitive running.
But Liddell sees running as a way of glorifying God before returning to China to work as a missionary.
When they first race against each other, Liddell beats Abrahams.
Abrahams takes it poorly, but Sam Mussabini (Ian Holm), a professional trainer whom he had approached earlier, offers to take him on to improve his technique.
This attracts criticism from the Cambridge college masters (John Gielgud and Lindsay Anderson), who allege it is not gentlemanly for an amateur to "play the tradesman" by employing a professional coach.
Abrahams dismisses this concern, interpreting it as cover for anti-Semitic and class-based prejudice.
When Eric Liddell accidentally misses a church prayer meeting because of his running, his sister Jennie upbraids him and accuses him of no longer caring about God.
Eric tells her that though he intends to eventually return to the China mission, he feels divinely inspired when running, and that not to run would be to dishonour God, saying, "I believe that God made me for a purpose.
But He also made me fast, and when I run, I feel His pleasure".
The two athletes, after years of training and racing, are accepted to represent Great Britain in the 1924 Olympics in Paris.
Also accepted are Abrahams' Cambridge friends, Lord Andrew Lindsay (Nigel Havers), Aubrey Montague (Nicholas Farrell), and Henry Stallard (Daniel Gerroll).
While boarding the boat to Paris for the Olympics, Liddell learns the news that the heat for his 100-metre race will be on a Sunday.
He refuses to run the race – despite strong pressure from the Prince of Wales and the British Olympic committee – because his Christian convictions prevent him from running on the Sabbath.
Hope appears when Liddell's teammate Lindsay, having already won a silver medal in the 400 metres hurdles, proposes to yield his place in the 400-metre race on the following Thursday to Liddell, who gratefully agrees.
His religious convictions in the face of national athletic pride make headlines around the world.
Liddell delivers a sermon at the Paris Church of Scotland that Sunday, and quotes from , ending with:  Abrahams is badly beaten by the heavily favoured United States runners in the 200 metre race.
He knows his last chance for a medal will be the 100 metres.
He competes in the race, and wins.
His coach Sam Mussabini is overcome that the years of dedication and training have paid off with an Olympic gold medal.
Now Abrahams can get on with his life and reunite with his girlfriend Sybil, whom he had neglected for the sake of running.
Before Liddell's race, the American coach remarks dismissively to his runners that Liddell has little chance of doing well in his now far longer 400 metre race.
But one of the American runners, Jackson Scholz, hands Liddell a note of support for his convictions.
Liddell defeats the American favourites and wins the gold medal.
The British team returns home triumphant.
As the film ends, onscreen text explains that Abrahams married Sybil, and became the elder statesman of British athletics.
Liddell went on to missionary work in China.
All of Scotland mourned his death in 1945 in Japanese-occupied China.
<EOS>
The story is told through the eyes of narrator James Ballard, named after the author himself, but it centers on the sinister figure of dr Robert Vaughan, a "former TV-scientist, turned nightmare angel of the expressways".
Ballard meets Vaughan after being involved in a car accident himself near London Airport.
Gathering around Vaughan is a group of alienated people, all of them former crash victims, who follow him in his pursuit to re-enact the crashes of celebrities and experience what the narrator calls "a new sexuality, born from a perverse technology".
Vaughan's ultimate fantasy is to die in a head-on collision with movie star Elizabeth Taylor.
<EOS>
Though it is secondary to its hack and slash gameplay, Castle of the Winds has a plot loosely based on Norse mythology, told with setting changes, unique items, and occasional passages of text.
The player begins in a tiny hamlet, near which he/she used to live.
His/her farm has been destroyed and godparents killed.
After clearing out an abandoned mine, the player finds a scrap of parchment that reveals the death of the player's godparents was ordered by an unknown enemy.
The player then returns to the hamlet to find it pillaged, and decides to travel to Bjarnarhaven.
Once in Bjarnarhaven, the player explores the levels beneath a nearby fortress, eventually facing Hrungnir, the Hill Giant Lord, responsible for ordering the player's godparents' death.
Hrungnir carries the Enchanted Amulet of Kings.
Upon activating the amulet, the player is informed of his/her past by his/her dead father, after which the player is transported to the town of Crossroads, and Part I ends.
The game can be imported or started over in Part II.
The town of Crossroads is run by a Jarl who at first does not admit the player, but later (on up to three occasions) provides advice and rewards.
The player then enters the nearby ruined titular Castle of the Winds.
There the player meets his/her deceased grandfather, who instructs him/her to venture into the dungeons below, defeat Surtur, and reclaim his birthright.
Venturing deeper, the player encounters monsters run rampant, a desecrated crypt, a necromancer, and the installation of various special rooms for elementals.
The player eventually meets and defeats the Wolf-Man leader, Bear-Man leader, the four Jotun kings, a Demon Lord, and finally Surtur.
Upon defeating Surtur and escaping the dungeons, the player sits upon the throne, completing the game.
<EOS>
Chrono Trigger takes place in a world familiar to Earth, with eras such as the prehistoric age, in which primitive humans and dinosaurs share the earth; the Middle Ages, replete with knights, monsters, and magic; and the post-apocalyptic future, where destitute humans and sentient robots struggle to survive.
The characters frequently travel through time to obtain allies, gather equipment, and learn information to help them in their quest.
The party also gains access to the End of Time (represented as year ∞), which serves as a hub to travel back to other time periods.
The party eventually acquires a time-machine vehicle known as the Wings of Time, nicknamed the Epoch.
The vehicle is capable of time travel between any time period without first having to travel to the End of Time.
Chrono Trigger's six playable characters (plus one optional character) come from different eras of history.
Chrono Trigger begins in AD 1000 with Crono, Marle and Lucca.
Crono is the silent protagonist, characterized as a fearless young man who wields a katana in battle.
Marle (Princess Nadia) lives in Guardia Castle; though sheltered, at heart she's a princess who enjoys hiding her royal identity.
Lucca is a friend of Crono's and a mechanical genius; her home is filled with laboratory equipment and machinery.
From the era of AD 2300 comes Robo, or Prometheus (designation R-66Y), a robot with near-human personality created to assist humans.
Lying dormant in the future, Robo is found and repaired by Lucca, and joins the group out of gratitude.
The fiercely confident Ayla dwells in 65,000,000 BC.
Unmatched in raw strength, Ayla is the chief of Ioka Village and leads her people in war against a species of humanoid reptiles known as Reptites.
The last two playable characters are Frog and Magus.
Frog originated in AD 600.
He is a former squire once named Glenn, who was turned into an anthropomorphic frog by Magus, who also killed his friend Cyrus.
Chivalrous but mired in regret, Frog dedicates his life to protecting Leene, the queen of Guardia, and avenging Cyrus.
Meanwhile, Guardia in AD 600 is in a state of conflict against the Mystics (known as Fiends in the US/DS port), a race of demons and intelligent animals who wage war against humanity under the leadership of Magus, a powerful sorcerer.
Magus's seclusion conceals a long-lost past; he was formerly known as Janus, the young prince of the Kingdom of Zeal, which was destroyed by Lavos in 12,000 BC.
The incident sent him forward through time, and as he ages, he plots revenge against Lavos and broods over the fate of his sister, Schala.
Lavos, the game's main antagonist who awakens and ravages the world in AD 1999, is an extraterrestrial, parasitic creature that harvests DNA and the Earth's energy for its own growth.
In AD 1000, Crono and Marle watch Lucca and her father demonstrate her new teleporter at the Millennial Fair.
When Marle volunteers to be teleported, her pendant interferes with the device and creates a time portal into which she is drawn.
After Crono and Lucca separately recreate the portal and find themselves in AD 600, they find Marle only to see her vanish before their eyes.
Lucca realizes that this time period's kingdom has mistaken Marle for an ancestor of hers who had been kidnapped, thus putting off the recovery effort for her ancestor and creating a grandfather paradox.
Crono and Lucca, with the help of Frog, restore history to normal by recovering the kidnapped queen.
After the three part ways with Frog and return to the present, Crono is arrested on charges of kidnapping the princess and sentenced to death by the current chancellor of Guardia.
Lucca and Marle help Crono to flee, haphazardly using another time portal to escape their pursuers.
This portal lands them in AD 2300, where they learn that an advanced civilization has been wiped out by a giant creature known as Lavos that appeared in 1999.
The three vow to find a way to prevent the future destruction of their world.
After meeting and repairing Robo, Crono and his friends find Gaspar, an old sage at the End of Time, who helps them acquire magical powers and travel through time by way of several pillars of light.
Their party expands to include Ayla and Frog after they visit the prehistoric era to repair Frog's sword.
They return to AD 600 to challenge Magus, believing him to be the source of Lavos; after the battle, a summoning spell causes a time gate that throws Crono and his friends to the past.
In prehistory, the group battle the Reptites and witness the origin of Lavos.
They learn that Lavos was an alien being that arrived on the planet millions of years in the past, and began to absorb DNA and energy from every living creature before arising and razing the planet's surface in 1999 so that it could spawn a new generation.
In 12,000 BC, Crono and friends find that the Kingdom of Zeal recently discovered Lavos and seeks to drain its power to achieve immortality through the Mammon Machine.
However Zeal's leader, Queen Zeal imprisons Crono and friends.
Though Zeal's daughter Schala frees them, the Prophet, a mysterious figure who has recently begun advising the queen, forces her to banish them from the realm and seal the time gate they used to travel to the Dark Ages.
They return next to AD 2300 to find a time machine called the Wings of Time (or Epoch), which can access any time period without using a time gate.
They travel back to Zeal for the Mammon Machine's activation at the Ocean Palace.
Lavos awakens, disturbed by the Mammon Machine, and the Prophet reveals himself to be Magus and tries to kill the creature.
Crono stands up to Lavos but is vaporized by a powerful blast, after which Lavos destroys the Kingdom of Zeal.
Crono's friends awake in a village and find Magus, who confesses that he used to be prince Janus of Zeal.
In his memories, it is revealed that the disaster at the Ocean Palace scattered the Gurus of Zeal across time and sent him to the Middle Ages.
Janus took the alias of Magus and gained a cult of followers while plotting to summon and kill Lavos in revenge for the death of his sister, Schala, but when Lavos appeared after his battle with Crono and his allies he was cast back to the time of Zeal and presented himself to them as a prophet.
As Crono's friends depart, the Ocean Palace rises into the air as the Black Omen.
The group turns to Gaspar for help, and he gives them a "Chrono Trigger," an egg-shaped device that allows the group to replace Crono just before the moment of death with a Dopple Doll.
Crono and his friends then gather power by helping people across time with Gaspar's instructions.
Their journeys involve defeating the remnants of the Mystics, stopping Robo's maniacal AI creator, addressing Frog's feelings towards Cyrus, locating and charging up the mythical Sun Stone, retrieving the Rainbow Shell, and helping restore a forest destroyed by a desert monster.
The group enters the Black Omen and defeats Queen Zeal, then successfully battles Lavos, saving the future of their world.
If Magus joined the party, he departs to search for Schala.
Crono's mother accidentally enters the time gate at the fair before it closes, prompting Crono, Marle, and Lucca to set out in the Epoch to find her while fireworks light up the night sky.
Alternatively, if the party used the Epoch to break Lavos's outer shell, Marle will help her father hang Nadia's bell at the festival and accidentally get carried away by several balloons.
Crono jumps on to help her, but cannot bring them down to earth.
Hanging on in each other's arms, the pair travel through the cloudy, moonlit sky.
Chrono Trigger DS added two new scenarios to the game.
In the first, Crono and his friends can help a "lost sanctum" of Reptites, who reward powerful items and armor.
The second scenario adds ties to Trigger's sequel, Chrono Cross.
In a New Game +, the group can explore several temporal distortions to combat shadow versions of Crono, Marle, and Lucca, and to fight Dalton, who promises in defeat to raise an army in the town of Porre to destroy the Kingdom of Guardia.
The group can then fight the Dream Devourer, a prototypical form of the Time Devourer—a fusion of Schala and Lavos seen in Chrono Cross.
A version of Magus pleads with Schala to resist; though she recognizes him as her brother, she refuses to be helped and sends him away.
Schala subsequently erases his memories and Magus awakens in a forest, determined to find what he had lost.
<EOS>
The Bene Gesserit still find themselves questioning the Golden Path of humanity set by the God Emperor Leto II.
Now they must survive the Honored Matres, whose reckless conquest of the Old Empire threatens Bene Gesserit survival.
The Sisters must reassess their timeless methods: does ultimate survival go beyond calculated manipulation.
Is there greater purpose to life than consolidating power.
The situation is desperate for the Bene Gesserit as they find themselves the targets of the Honored Matres, whose conquest of the Old Empire is almost complete.
The Matres are seeking to assimilate the technology and developed methods of the Bene Gesserit and exterminate the Sisterhood itself.
Now in command of the Bene Gesserit, Mother Superior Darwi Odrade continues to develop her drastic, secret plan to overcome the Honored Matres.
The Bene Gesserit are also terraforming the planet Chapterhouse to accommodate the all-important sandworms, whose native planet Dune had been destroyed by the Matres.
Sheeana, in charge of the project, expects sandworms to appear soon.
The Honored Matres have also destroyed the entire Bene Tleilax civilization, with Tleilaxu Master Scytale the only one of his kind left alive.
In Bene Gesserit captivity, Scytale possesses the Tleilaxu secret of ghola production, which he has reluctantly traded for the Sisterhood's protection.
The first ghola produced is that of their recently deceased military genius, Miles Teg.
The Bene Gesserit have two other prisoners on Chapterhouse: the latest Duncan Idaho ghola, and former Honored Matre Murbella, whom they have accepted as a novice despite their suspicion that she intends to escape back to the Honored Matres.
Lampadas, a center for Bene Gesserit education, has been destroyed by the Honored Matres.
The planet's Chancellor, Reverend Mother Lucilla, manages to escape carrying the shared-minds of millions of Reverend Mothers.
Lucilla is forced to land on Gammu where she seeks refuge with an underground group of Jews.
The Rabbi gives Lucilla sanctuary, but to save his organization he must deliver her to the Matres.
Before doing so, he reveals Rebecca, a "wild" Reverend Mother who has gained her Other Memory without Bene Gesserit training.
Lucilla shares minds with Rebecca, who promises to take the memories of Lampadas safely back to the Sisterhood.
Lucilla is then "betrayed", and taken before the Great Honored Matre Dama, who tries to persuade her to join the Honored Matres, preserving her life in exchange for Bene Gesserit secrets.
Lucilla refuses, and Dama ultimately kills her.
Back on Chapterhouse, Odrade confronts Duncan and forces him to admit that he is a Mentat, proving that he retains the memories of his many ghola lives.
He does not reveal his mysterious visions of two people.
Meanwhile, Murbella collapses under the pressure of Bene Gesserit training, giving in to "word weapons" that the Bene Gesserit had planted to undermine her earlier Honored Matre identity.
Murbella realizes that she wants to be Bene Gesserit.
Odrade believes that the Bene Gesserit made a mistake in fearing emotion, and that in order to evolve, the Bene Gesserit must learn to accept emotions.
Odrade permits Duncan to watch Murbella undergo the spice agony, making him the first man ever to do so.
Murbella survives the ordeal and becomes a Reverend Mother.
Odrade then confronts Sheeana, discovering that Duncan and Sheeana have been allied together for some time.
Sheeana does not reveal that they have been considering the option of reawakening Teg's memory through Imprinting, nor does Odrade discover that Sheeana has the keys to Duncan's no-ship prison.
Odrade continues molding Scytale, with Sheeana showing him a baby sandworm, the Bene Gesserit's own long term supply of spice, and destroying Scytale's main bargaining card.
Finally, Teg is awakened by Sheeana using imprinting techniques.
Odrade appoints him again as Bashar of the military forces of the Sisterhood for the assault on the Honored Matres.
Odrade next calls a meeting of all the Bene Gesserit, announcing her plan to attack the Honored Matres.
She tells them that this attack will be led by Teg.
She also announces candidates to succeed her as Mother Superior; she will share her memories with Murbella and Sheeana before she leaves.
Odrade then goes to meet the Great Honored Matre.
Under cover of Odrade's diplomacy, the Bene Gesserit forces under Teg attack Gammu with tremendous force.
Teg uses his secret ability to see no-ships to secure control of the system.
Survivors of the attack flee to Junction, and Teg follows them there and carries all with him.
Victory for the Bene Gesserit seems inevitable.
In the midst of this battle, the Jews (including Rebecca with her precious memories) take refuge with the Bene Gesserit fleet.
Logno — chief advisor to Dama — assassinates Dama with poison and assumes control of the Honored Matres.
Her first act surprises Odrade greatly.
Too late, Odrade and Teg realize they have fallen into a trap, and the Honored Matres use a mysterious weapon to turn defeat into victory, as well as capturing Odrade.
Murbella saves as much of the Bene Gesserit force as she can and they begin to withdraw to Chapterhouse.
Odrade, however, had planned for the possible failure of the Bene Gesserit attack and left Murbella instructions for a last desperate gamble.
Murbella pilots a small craft down to the surface, announcing herself as an Honored Matre who, in the confusion, has managed to escape the Bene Gesserit with all their secrets.
She arrives on the planet and is taken to the Great Honored Matre.
Unable to control her anger, Logno attacks but is killed by Murbella.
Awed by her physical prowess, the remaining Honored Matres are forced to accept her as their new leader.
Odrade is also killed in the melee and Murbella shares with Odrade to absorb her newest memories, as they had already shared prior to the battle.
Murbella's ascension to leadership is not accepted as victory by all the Bene Gesserit.
Some flee Chapterhouse, notably Sheeana, who has a vision of her own, and arranges to have some of the new worms that have emerged in the Chapterhouse desert brought aboard the no-ship.
Sheeana is joined by Duncan.
The two escape in the giant no-ship, with Scytale, Teg and the Jews.
Murbella recognizes their plan at the last minute, but is powerless to stop them.
Watching this escape with interest are Daniel and Marty, the observers of whom Duncan had been having visions.
The story ends on a cliffhanger with several questions left unanswered regarding the merging of the Honored Matres and Bene Gesserit, the fates of those on the escaped no-ship (including the role of Scytale, the development of Idaho and Teg, and the role of the Jews), the identity of the god-like characters in the book's final chapter and the ultimate mystery of what chased the Honored Matres back into the Old Empire.
<EOS>
Le Fanu presents the story as part of the casebook of dr Hesselius, whose departures from medical orthodoxy rank him as the first occult doctor in literature.
Laura, the protagonist, narrates, beginning with her childhood in a "picturesque and solitary" castle amid an extensive forest in Styria, where she lives with her father, a wealthy English widower retired from service to the Austrian Empire.
When she was six, Laura had a vision of a beautiful visitor in her bedchamber.
She later claims to have been punctured in her breast, although no wound was found.
Twelve years later, Laura and her father are admiring the sunset in front of the castle when her father tells her of a letter from his friend, General Spielsdorf.
The General was supposed to bring his niece, Bertha Rheinfeldt, to visit the two, but the niece suddenly died under mysterious circumstances.
The General ambiguously concludes that he will discuss the circumstances in detail when they meet later.
Laura, saddened by the loss of a potential friend, longs for a companion.
A carriage accident outside Laura's home unexpectedly brings a girl of Laura's age into the family's care.
Her name is Carmilla.
Both girls instantly recognize the other from the "dream" they both had when they were young.
Carmilla appears injured after her carriage accident, but her mysterious mother informs Laura's father that her journey is urgent and cannot be delayed.
She arranges to leave her daughter with Laura and her father until she can return in three months.
Before she leaves, she sternly notes that her daughter will not disclose any information whatsoever about her family, past, or herself, and that Carmilla is of sound mind.
Laura comments that this information seems needless to say, and her father laughs it off.
Carmilla and Laura grow to be very close friends, but occasionally Carmilla's mood abruptly changes.
She sometimes makes romantic advances towards Laura.
Carmilla refuses to tell anything about herself, despite questioning by Laura.
Her secrecy is not the only mysterious thing about Carmilla; she never joins the household in its prayers, she sleeps much of the day, and she seems to sleepwalk outside at night.
Meanwhile, young women and girls in the nearby towns have begun dying from an unknown malady.
When the funeral procession of one such victim passes by the two girls, Laura joins in the funeral hymn.
Carmilla bursts out in rage and scolds Laura, complaining that the hymn hurts her ears.
When a shipment of restored heirloom paintings arrives, Laura finds a portrait of her ancestor, Mircalla, Countess Karnstein, dated 1698.
The portrait resembles Carmilla exactly, down to the mole on her neck.
Carmilla says she might be descended from the Karnsteins even though the family died out centuries before.
During Carmilla's stay, Laura has nightmares of a large cat-like beast entering her room and biting her on the chest.
The beast then takes the form of a female figure and disappears through the door without opening it.
In another nightmare, Laura hears a voice say, "Your mother warns you to beware of the assassin," and a sudden light reveals Carmilla standing at the foot of her bed, her nightdress drenched in blood.
Laura's health declines, and her father has a doctor examine her.
He finds a small blue spot on her chest and speaks privately with her father, only asking that Laura never be unattended.
Her father then sets out with Laura, in a carriage, for the ruined village of Karnstein, three miles distant.
They leave a message behind asking Carmilla and one of the governesses to follow once the perpetually late-sleeping Carmilla wakes.
En route to Karnstein, Laura and her father encounter General Spielsdorf.
He tells them his own ghastly story.
At a costume ball, Spielsdorf and his niece Bertha had met a young woman named Millarca and her enigmatic mother.
Bertha was immediately taken with Millarca.
The mother convinced the General that she was an old friend of his and asked that Millarca be allowed to stay with them for three weeks while she attended to a secret matter of great importance.
Bertha fell mysteriously ill, suffering the same symptoms as Laura.
After consulting with a specially ordered priestly doctor, the General realized that Bertha was being visited by a vampire.
He hid with a sword and waited until a large black creature crawled onto his niece's bed and to her neck.
He leapt from his hiding place and attacked the beast, which took the form of Millarca.
She fled through the locked door, unharmed.
Bertha died immediately afterward.
Upon arriving at Karnstein, the General asks a woodman where he can find the tomb of Mircalla Karnstein.
The woodman says the tomb was relocated long ago by the hero who vanquished the vampires that haunted the region.
While the General and Laura are alone in the ruined chapel, Carmilla appears.
The General and Carmilla both fly into a rage upon seeing each other, and the General attacks her with an axe.
Carmilla disarms the General and disappears.
The General explains that Carmilla is also Millarca, both anagrams for the original name of the vampire Mircalla, Countess Karnstein.
The party is joined by Baron Vordenburg, the descendant of the hero who rid the area of vampires long ago.
Vordenburg, an authority on vampires, has discovered that his ancestor was romantically involved with the Countess Karnstein before she died and became one of the undead.
Using his forefather's notes, he locates Mircalla's hidden tomb.
An Imperial Commission exhumes the vampire's body.
Immersed in blood, it seems to be breathing faintly, its heart beating, its eyes open.
A stake is driven through its heart, and it gives a corresponding shriek; then the head is struck off.
The body and head are burned to ashes, which are thrown into a river.
Afterwards, Laura's father takes his daughter on a year-long tour through Italy to recover from the trauma and regain her health, which she never fully does.
<EOS>
In 2071, roughly fifty years after an accident with a hyperspace gateway made the Earth almost uninhabitable, humanity has colonized most of the rocky planets and moons of the Solar System.
Amid a rising crime rate, the Inter Solar System Police (ISSP) set up a legalized contract system, in which registered bounty hunters (also referred to as "Cowboys") chase criminals and bring them in alive in return for a reward.
The series' protagonists are bounty hunters working from the spaceship Bebop.
The original crew are Spike Spiegel, an exiled former hitman of the criminal Red Dragon Syndicate, and his partner Jet Black, a former ISSP officer.
They are later joined by Faye Valentine, an amnesiac con artist; Edward Wong, an eccentric girl skilled in hacking; and Ein, a genetically-engineered Pembroke Welsh Corgi with human-like intelligence.
Over the course of the series, the team get involved in disastrous mishaps leaving them out of pocket, while often confronting faces and events from their past: these include Jet's reasons for leaving the ISSP, and Faye's past as a young woman from Earth injured in an accident and cryogenically frozen to save her life.
The main story arc focuses on Spike and his deadly rivalry with Vicious, an enforcer for the Red Dragon Syndicate.
Spike and Vicious were once partners and friends, but when Spike began an affair with Vicious' girlfriend Julia and resolved to leave the Syndicate with her, Vicious attempted to have Julia kill Spike.
Julia goes into hiding to protect herself and Spike, while Spike fakes his death to escape the Syndicate.
In the present, Julia comes out of hiding and reunites with Spike, planning to complete their plan.
Vicious, having staged a coup d'état and taken over the Syndicate, sends hitmen after the pair.
Julia is killed, leaving Spike alone.
His heartbreak feeds his desire to kill Vicious once and for all.
Spike leaves the Bebop after saying a final goodbye to Faye and Jet.
Upon infiltrating the syndicate, he finds Vicious on the top floor of the building.
In a final battle, Vicious is killed and Spike severely wounded.
The series ends as Spike descends the main staircase of the building into the rising sun.
He falls to the ground, leaving his ultimate fate ambiguous.
<EOS>
Two young female millworkers in 1873 Maine visit the town's carousel after work.
One of them, Julie Jordan, attracts the attention of the barker, Billy Bigelow ("The Carousel Waltz").
When Julie lets Billy put his arm around her during the ride, mrs Mullin, the widowed owner of the carousel, tells Julie never to return.
Julie and her friend, Carrie Pipperidge, argue with mrs Mullin.
Billy arrives and, seeing that mrs Mullin is jealous, mocks her; he is fired from his job.
Billy, unconcerned, invites Julie to join him for a drink.
As he goes to get his belongings, Carrie presses Julie about her feelings toward him, but Julie is evasive ("You're a Queer One, Julie Jordan").
Carrie has a beau too, fisherman Enoch Snow ("(When I Marry) Mister Snow"), to whom she is newly engaged.
Billy returns for Julie as the departing Carrie warns that staying out late means the loss of Julie's job.
mr Bascombe, owner of the mill, happens by along with a policeman, and offers to escort Julie to her home, but she refuses and is fired.
Left alone, she and Billy talk about what life might be like if they were in love, but neither quite confesses to the growing attraction they feel for each other ("If I Loved You").
Over a month passes, and preparations for the summer clambake are under way ("June Is Bustin' Out All Over").
Julie and Billy, now married, live at Julie's cousin Nettie's spa.
Julie confides in Carrie that Billy, frustrated over being unemployed, hit her.
Carrie has happier news—she is engaged to Enoch, who enters as she discusses him ("(When I Marry) Mister Snow (reprise))".
Billy arrives with his ne'er-do-well whaler friend, Jigger.
The former barker is openly rude to Enoch and Julie, then leaves with Jigger, followed by a distraught Julie.
Enoch tells Carrie that he expects to become rich selling herring and to have a large family, larger perhaps than Carrie is comfortable having ("When the Children Are Asleep").
Jigger and his shipmates, joined by Billy, then sing about life on the sea ("Blow High, Blow Low").
The whaler tries to recruit Billy to help with a robbery, but Billy declines, as the victim—Julie's former boss, mr Bascombe—might have to be killed.
mrs Mullin enters and tries to tempt Billy back to the carousel (and to her).
He would have to abandon Julie; a married barker cannot evoke the same sexual tension as one who is single.
Billy reluctantly mulls it over as Julie arrives and the others leave.
She tells him that she is pregnant, and Billy is overwhelmed with happiness, ending all thoughts of returning to the carousel.
Once alone, Billy imagines the fun he will have with Bill Jr.
—until he realizes that his child might be a girl, and reflects soberly that "you've got to be a father to a girl" ("Soliloquy").
Determined to provide financially for his future child, whatever the means, Billy decides to be Jigger's accomplice.
The whole town leaves for the clambake.
Billy, who had earlier refused to go, agrees to join in, to Julie's delight, as he realizes that being seen at the clambake is integral to his and Jigger's alibi ("Act I Finale").
Everyone reminisces about the huge meal and much fun ("This Was a Real Nice Clambake").
Jigger tries to seduce Carrie; Enoch walks in at the wrong moment, and declares that he is finished with her ("Geraniums In the Winder"), as Jigger jeers ("There's Nothin' So Bad for a Woman").
The girls try to comfort Carrie, but for Julie all that matters is that "he's your feller and you love him" ("What's the Use of Wond'rin'.
").
Julie sees Billy trying to sneak away with Jigger and, trying to stop him, feels the knife hidden in his shirt.
She begs him to give it to her, but he refuses and leaves to commit the robbery.
As they wait, Jigger and Billy gamble with cards.
They stake their shares of the anticipated robbery spoils.
Billy loses: his participation is now pointless.
Unknown to Billy and Jigger, mr Bascombe, the intended victim, has already deposited the mill's money.
The robbery fails: Bascombe pulls a gun on Billy while Jigger escapes.
Billy stabs himself with his knife; Julie arrives just in time for him to say his last words to her and die.
Julie strokes his hair, finally able to tell him that she loved him.
Carrie and Enoch, reunited by the crisis, attempt to console Julie; Nettie arrives and gives Julie the resolve to keep going despite her despair ("You'll Never Walk Alone").
Billy's defiant spirit ("The Highest Judge of All") is taken Up There to see the Starkeeper, a heavenly official.
The Starkeeper tells Billy that the good he did in life was not enough to get into heaven, but so long as there is a person alive who remembers him, he can return for a day to try to do good to redeem himself.
He informs Billy that fifteen years have passed on Earth since the former barker's suicide, and suggests that Billy can get himself into heaven if he helps his daughter, Louise.
He helps Billy look down from heaven to see her (instrumental ballet: "Billy Makes a Journey").
Louise has grown up to be lonely and bitter.
The local children ostracize her because her father was a thief and a wife-beater.
In the dance, a young ruffian, much like her father at that age, flirts with her and abandons her as too young.
The dance concludes, and Billy is anxious to return to Earth and help his daughter.
He steals a star to take with him, as the Starkeeper pretends not to notice.
Outside Julie's cottage, Carrie describes her visit to New York with the now-wealthy Enoch.
Carrie's husband and their many children enter to fetch her—the family must get ready for the high school graduation later that day.
Enoch Jr, the oldest son, remains behind to talk with Louise, as Billy and the Heavenly Friend escorting him enter, invisible to the other characters.
Louise confides in Enoch Jr.
that she plans to run away from home with an acting troupe.
He says that he will stop her by marrying her, but that his father will think her an unsuitable match.
Louise is outraged: each insults the other's father, and Louise orders Enoch Jr.
to go away.
Billy, able to make himself visible at will, reveals himself to the sobbing Louise, pretending to be a friend of her father.
He offers her a gift—the star he stole from heaven.
She refuses it and, frustrated, he slaps her hand.
He makes himself invisible, and Louise tells Julie what happened, stating that the slap miraculously felt like a kiss, not a blow—and Julie understands her perfectly.
Louise retreats to the house, as Julie notices the star that Billy dropped; she picks it up and seems to feel Billy's presence ("If I Loved You (Reprise)").
Billy invisibly attends Louise's graduation, hoping for one last chance to help his daughter and redeem himself.
The beloved town physician, dr Seldon (who resembles the Starkeeper) advises the graduating class not to rely on their parents' success or be held back by their failure (words directed at Louise).
Seldon prompts everyone to sing an old song, "You'll Never Walk Alone".
Billy, still invisible, whispers to Louise, telling her to believe Seldon's words, and when she tentatively reaches out to another girl, she learns she does not have to be an outcast.
Billy goes to Julie, telling her at last that he loved her.
As his widow and daughter join in the singing, Billy is taken to his heavenly reward.
<EOS>
Homer Wells grows up in an orphanage where he spends his childhood "being of use" as a medical assistant to the director, dr Wilbur Larch, whose history is told in flashbacks: After a traumatic misadventure with a prostitute as a young man, Wilbur turns his back on sex and love, choosing instead to help women with unwanted pregnancies give birth and then keeping the babies in an orphanage.
He makes a point of maintaining an emotional distance from the orphans, so that they can more easily make the transition into an adoptive family, but when it becomes clear that Homer is going to spend his entire childhood at the orphanage, Wilbur trains the orphan as an obstetrician and then comes to love him like a son.
Wilbur's and Homer's lives are complicated by Wilbur also secretly being an abortionist.
Wilbur came to this work reluctantly, but he is driven by having seen the horrors of back-alley operations.
Homer, upon learning Wilbur's secret, considers it morally wrong.
As a young man, Homer befriends a young couple, Candy Kendall and Wally Worthington, who come to st Cloud's for an abortion.
Homer leaves the orphanage, and returns with them to Ocean View Orchards (Wally's family's orchard) in Heart's Rock, near the Maine coast.
Wally and Homer become best friends and Homer develops a secret love for Candy.
Wally goes off to serve in the Second World War and his plane is shot down over Burma.
He is presumed missing by the military, but Homer and Candy both believe he is dead and move on with their lives, which includes beginning a romantic relationship.
When Candy becomes pregnant, they go back to st Cloud's Orphanage, where their son is born and named Angel.
Subsequently, Wally is found in Burma and returns home, paralyzed from the waist down.
He is still able to have sexual intercourse but is sterile due to an infection caught in Burma.
They lie to the family about Angel's parentage, claiming that Homer decided to adopt him.
Wally and Candy marry shortly afterward, but Candy and Homer maintain a secret affair that lasts some 15 years.
Many years later, teenaged Angel falls in love with Rose.
Rose, the daughter of the head migrant worker at the apple orchard, becomes pregnant by her father, and Homer performs an abortion on her.
Homer decides to return to the orphanage after the death of Wilbur, to work as the new director.
Though he maintains his distaste for abortions, he continues dr Larch's legacy of honoring the choice of his patients, and he dreams of the day when abortions are free, legal, and safe, so he'll no longer feel obliged to offer them.
A subplot follows the character Melony, who grew up alongside Homer in the orphanage.
She was Homer's first girlfriend in a relationship of circumstances.
After Homer leaves the orphanage, so does she in an effort to find him.
She eventually becomes an electrician and takes a female lover, Lorna.
Melony is an extremely stoic woman, who refuses to press charges against a man who brutally broke her nose and arm so that she can later take revenge herself.
She is the catalyst that transforms Homer from his comfortable but not entirely admirable position at the apple orchard to becoming dr Larch's replacement at the orphanage.
<EOS>
Chrono Cross features a diverse cast of 45 party members.
Each character is outfitted with an innate Element affinity and three unique special abilities that are learned over time.
If taken to the world opposite their own, characters react to their counterparts (if available).
Many characters tie in to crucial plot events.
Since it is impossible to obtain all 45 characters in one playthrough, players must replay the game to witness everything.
Through use of the New Game+ feature, players can ultimately obtain all characters on one save file.
Serge, the game's protagonist, is a 17-year-old boy with blue hair who lives in the fishing village of Arni.
One day, he slips into an alternate world in which he drowned ten years before.
Determined to find the truth behind the incident, he follows a predestined course that leads him to save the world.
He is assisted by Kid, a feisty, skilled thief who seeks the mythical Frozen Flame.
Portrayed as willful and tomboyish due to her rough, thieving past, she helps Serge sneak into Viper Manor in order to obtain the Frozen Flame.
Kid vows to find and defeat Lynx, an anthropomorphic panther who burned down her adopted mother's orphanage.
Lynx, a cruel agent of the supercomputer FATE, is bent on finding Serge and using his body as part of a greater plan involving the Frozen Flame.
Lynx travels with Harle, a mysterious, playful girl dressed like a harlequin.
Harle was sent by the Dragon God to shadow Lynx and one day steal the Frozen Flame from Chronopolis, a task she painfully fulfills despite being smitten with Serge.
To accomplish this goal, Harle helps Lynx manipulate the Acacia Dragoons, the powerful militia governing the islands of El Nido.
As the Dragoons maintain order, they contend with Fargo, a former Dragoon turned pirate captain who holds a grudge against their leader, General Viper.
Though tussling with Serge initially, the Acacia Dragoons—whose ranks include the fierce warriors Karsh, Zoah, Marcy, and Glenn—later assist him when the militaristic nation of Porre invades the archipelago.
The invasion brings Norris and Grobyc to the islands, a heartful commander of an elite force and a prototype cyborg soldier, respectively, as they too seek the Frozen Flame.
Chrono Cross begins with Serge located in El Nido, a tropical archipelago inhabited by ancient natives, mainland colonists, and beings called Demi-humans.
Serge slips into an alternate dimension in which he drowned on the beach ten years prior, and meets the thief, "Kid".
As his adventure proceeds from here, Serge is able to recruit a multitude of allies to his cause.
While assisting Kid in a heist Viper Manor to steal the Frozen Flame, he learns that ten years before the present, the universe split into two dimensions—one in which Serge lived, and one in which he perished.
Through Kid's Astral Amulet charm, Serge travels between the dimensions.
At Fort Dragonia the use of a Dragonian artifact called the Dragon Tear, Lynx switches bodies with Serge.
Unaware of the switch, Kid confides in Lynx, who stabs her as the real Serge helplessly watches.
Lynx boasts of his victory and banishes Serge to a strange realm called the Temporal Vortex.
He takes Kid under his wing, brainwashing her to believe the real Serge (in Lynx's body) is her enemy.
Serge escapes with help from Harle, although his new body turns him into a stranger in his own world, with all the allies he had gained up to that point abandoning him due to his new appearance.
Discovering that his new body prevents him from traveling across the dimensions, he sets out to regain his former body and learn more of the universal split that occurred ten years earlier, gaining a new band of allies along the way.
He travels to a forbidden lagoon known as the Dead Sea—a wasteland frozen in time, dotted with futuristic ruins.
At the center, he locates a man named Miguel and presumably Home world's Frozen Flame.
Charged with guarding the Dead Sea by an entity named FATE, Miguel and three visions of Crono, Marle, and Lucca from Chrono Trigger explain that Serge's existence dooms Home world's future to destruction at the hands of Lavos.
To prevent Serge from obtaining the Frozen Flame, FATE destroys the Dead Sea.
Able to return to Another world, Serge allies with the Acacia Dragoons against Porre and locates that dimension's Dragon Tear, allowing him to return to his human form.
He then enters the Sea of Eden, Another world's physical equivalent of the Dead Sea, finding a temporal research facility from the distant future called Chronopolis.
Lynx and Kid are inside; Serge defeats Lynx and the supercomputer FATE, allowing the six Dragons of El Nido to steal the Frozen Flame and retire to Terra Tower, a massive structure raised from the sea floor.
Kid falls into a coma, and Harle bids the party goodbye to fly with the Dragons.
Serge regroups his party and tends to Kid, who remains comatose.
Continuing his adventure, he obtains and cleanses the corrupted Masamune sword from Chrono Trigger.
He then uses the Dragon relics and shards of the Dragon Tears to create the mythic Element Chrono Cross.
The spiritual power of the Masamune later allows him to lift Kid from her coma.
At Terra Tower, the prophet of time, revealed to be Belthasar from Chrono Trigger, visits him with visions of Crono, Marle, and Lucca.
Serge learns that the time research facility Chronopolis created El Nido thousands of years ago after a catastrophic experimental failure drew it to the past.
The introduction of a temporally foreign object in history caused the planet to pull in a counterbalance from a different dimension.
This was Dinopolis, a city of Dragonians—parallel universe descendants of Chrono Trigger's Reptites.
The institutions warred and Chronopolis subjugated the Dragonians.
Humans captured their chief creation—the Dragon God, an entity capable of controlling nature.
Chronopolis divided this entity into six pieces and created an Elements system.
FATE then terraformed an archipelago, erased the memories of most Chronopolis's staff, and sent them to inhabit and populate its new paradise.
Thousands of years later, a panther demon attacked a three-year-old Serge.
His father took him to find assistance at Marbule, but Serge's boat blew off course due to a raging magnetic storm caused by Schala.
Schala, the princess of the Kingdom of Zeal, had long ago accidentally fallen to a place known as the Darkness Beyond Time and began merging with Lavos, the chief antagonist of Chrono Trigger.
Schala's storm nullified Chronopolis's defenses and allowed Serge to contact the Frozen Flame; approaching it healed Serge but corrupted his father.
A circuit in Chronopolis then designated Serge "Arbiter", simultaneously preventing FATE from using the Frozen Flame by extension.
The Dragons were aware of this situation, creating a seventh Dragon under the storm's cover named Harle, who manipulated Lynx to steal the Frozen Flame for the Dragons.
After Serge returned home, FATE sent Lynx to kill Serge, hoping that it would release the Arbiter lock.
Ten years after Serge drowned, the thief Kid—presumably on Belthasar's orders—went back in time to save Serge and split the dimensions.
FATE, locked out of the Frozen Flame again, knew that Serge would one day cross to Another world and prepared to apprehend him.
Lynx switched bodies with Serge to dupe the biological check of Chronopolis on the Frozen Flame.
Belthasar then reveals that these events were part of a plan he had orchestrated named Project Kid.
Serge continues to the top of Terra Tower and defeats the Dragon God.
Continuing to the beach where the split in dimensions had occurred, Serge finds apparitions of Crono, Marle, and Lucca once more.
They reveal that Belthasar's plan was to empower Serge to free Schala from melding with Lavos, lest they evolve into the "Time Devourer", a creature capable of destroying spacetime.
Lucca explains that Kid is Schala's clone, sent to the modern age to take part in Project Kid.
Serge uses a Time Egg—given to him by Belthasar—to enter the Darkness Beyond Time and vanquish the Time Devourer, separating Schala from Lavos and restores the dimensions to one.
Thankful, Schala muses on evolution and the struggle of life and returns Serge to his home, noting that he will forget the entire adventure.
She then seemingly records the experience in her diary, noting she will always be searching for Serge in this life and beyond, signing the entry as Schala "Kid" Zeal, implying that she and kid have merged and became whole again.
A wedding photo of Kid and an obscured male sits on the diary's desk.
Scenes then depict a real-life Kid searching for someone in a modern city, intending to make players entertain the possibility that their own Kid is searching for them.
The ambiguous ending leaves the events of the characters' lives following the game up to interpretation.
Chrono Cross employs story arcs, characters, and themes from , a Satellaview side story to Chrono Trigger released in Japan.
An illustrated text adventure, Radical Dreamers was created to wrap up an unresolved plot line of Chrono Trigger.
Though it borrows from Radical Dreamers in its exposition, Chrono Cross is not a remake of Radical Dreamers, but a larger effort to fulfill that game's purpose; the plots of the games are irreconcilable.
To resolve continuity issues and acknowledge Radical Dreamers, the developers of Chrono Cross suggested the game happened in a parallel dimension.
A notable difference between the two games is that Magus—present in Radical Dreamers as Gil—is absent from Chrono Cross.
Director Masato Kato originally planned for Magus to appear in disguise as Guile, but scrapped the idea due to plot difficulties.
In the DS version of Chrono Trigger, Kato teases the possibility of an amnesiac Magus.
<EOS>
As Dune begins, a longstanding feud exists between the Harkonnens of Giedi Prime and the Atreides of Caladan.
The Baron's intent to exterminate the Atreides line seems close to fruition as Duke Leto Atreides is lured to the desert planet Arrakis on the pretense of taking over the valuable melange operation there.
The Baron has an agent in the Atreides household: Leto's own physician, the trusted Suk doctor Wellington Yueh.
Though Suk Imperial Conditioning supposedly makes the subject incapable of inflicting harm, the Baron's twisted Mentat Piter De Vries notes:  It's assumed that ultimate conditioning cannot be removed without killing the subject.
However, as someone once observed, given the right lever you can move a planet.
We found the lever that moved the doctor.
The Baron has taken Yueh's wife Wanna prisoner, threatening her with interminable torture unless Yueh complies with his demands.
Harkonnen also distracts Leto's Mentat Thufir Hawat from discovering Yueh by guiding Hawat toward another suspect: Leto's Bene Gesserit concubine Lady Jessica.
The Atreides are soon attacked by Harkonnen forces (secretly supplemented by the seemingly unstoppable Imperial Sardaukar) as Yueh disables the protective shields around the Atreides palace on Arrakis.
As instructed, Yueh takes Leto prisoner; however, desiring to slay the Baron, Yueh provides the captive Leto with a fake tooth filled with poisonous gas as a means of simultaneous assassination and suicide.
De Vries kills Yueh but he also dies with Leto in the assassination attempt; however Harkonnen survives.
The Baron then manipulates Hawat into his service, by convincing Hawat that Lady Jessica was the traitor and using Hawat's desire for revenge on Lady Jessica and the Emperor as motivation to assist House Harkonnen.
Leto and Jessica's son Paul Atreides flee into the desert with Jessica, and both are presumed dead.
Paul's prescience helps him determine the identity of Jessica's father, the "maternal grandfather who cannot be named" — the Baron himself.
Over the next two years, Harkonnen learns that his nephews Glossu Rabban and Feyd-Rautha are conspiring against him to usurp his throne; he lets them continue to do so, reasoning that they have to somehow learn to organize a conspiracy.
As punishment for a failed assassination attempt against him, Harkonnen forces Feyd to single-handedly slaughter all the female slaves who serve as Feyd's lovers.
He explains that Feyd has to learn the price of failure.
The Baron's plan to assure Feyd's power is to install him as ruler of Arrakis after a period of tyrannical misrule by Rabban, making Feyd appear to be the savior of the people.
However, a crisis on Arrakis begins when the mysterious Muad'Dib emerges as a leader of the native Fremen tribes against the rule of the Harkonnens.
Eventually, a series of Fremen victories against Beast Rabban threaten to disrupt the trade of the spice.
The Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV decides to intervene himself and arrives on Arrakis along with legions of Sardaukar forces.
Shaddam and the Baron are shocked to learn that Muad'Dib is, of course, a very-much-alive Paul Atreides.
The Imperial forces fall prey to a surprise attack by the Fremen.
Part of the Fremen/Atreides strategy is to wait until a sandstorm shorts out the force field shields of the Harkonnen/Imperial transport ships, disable them with projectile weapons, and then attack with a vast assault force, using sandworms under cover of the severe weather to break the enemy lines.
The Sardaukar and Harkonnen forces are trapped on the planet, astonished at the sandworm mounts and vast numbers of their attackers.
Their past ruthlessness gives them little hope of quarter from the enraged Fremen.
Rabban dies in the initial part of the battle; the Harkonnen army is massacred to the last man and almost all the Imperial Sardaukar are killed.
Baron Harkonnen himself is poisoned with a gom jabbar by Paul's young sister Alia Atreides, his own granddaughter, and dies at the age of 83, with the latter also revealing her direct lineage to him just beforehand.
Paul then kills Feyd in ritual combat.
House Harkonnen's virtual extermination removes it as a galactic power, but Paul's ascension to the Imperial throne in Shaddam's place guarantees that Vladimir's descendants will long reign as the Imperial House Atreides.
Alia had been born with her ancestral memories in the womb, a circumstance the Bene Gesserit refer to as Abomination, because in their experience it is inevitable that the individual will become possessed by the personality of one of their ancestors.
In Children of Dune, Alia falls victim to this prediction when she shares control of her body with the ego-memory of the Baron Harkonnen, and eventually falls under his power.
Alia eventually commits suicide, realizing that Harkonnen's consciousness has surpassed her abilities to contain him.
In the Prelude to Dune prequel series by Brian Herbert and Anderson, it is established that Baron Vladimir Harkonnen is the son and heir of Dmitri Harkonnen and his wife Victoria.
Harkonnen's father had been the head of House Harkonnen and ruled the planet Giedi Prime.
Trained since youth as a possible successor, Vladimir had been eventually chosen over his half-brother Abulurd (namesake of the original).
Unhappy with his brother's doings, Abulurd eventually marries Emmi Rabban and renounces the family name and his rights to the title.
Under the name Abulurd Rabban, he reigns as governor of the secondary Harkonnen planet Lankiveil.
Abulurd and his wife have two sons: Glossu Rabban (later nicknamed "Beast Rabban" after he murders his own father) and Feyd-Rautha; Vladimir later adopts the boys back into House Harkonnen, and Feyd becomes his designated heir.
The Baron's most prominent political rival is Duke Leto Atreides; the Harkonnens and the Atreides have been bitter enemies for millennia, since the Battle of Corrin that ended the Butlerian Jihad.
When Emperor Shaddam IV orchestrates a plot to destroy the "Red Duke" Leto, the Baron eagerly lends his aid.
The young Baron Vladimir is described as an exceedingly handsome man, possessing red hair and a near-perfect physique.
The Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam is instructed by the Sisterhood to collect the genetic material of Baron Vladimir Harkonnen (through conception) for their breeding program.
As the Baron's homosexuality is something of an open secret, Mohiam blackmails him into having sexual relations with her and conceives his child.
When that daughter proves genetically undesirable, Mohiam kills her and returns to Harkonnen for a second try; at this point he drugs and viciously rapes her.
She exacts her retribution by infecting him with a rare, incurable disease that later causes his obesity.
Mohiam's second child with the Baron is Jessica.
In , the deteriorating Baron at first walks with the assistance of a cane, then relies on belt-mounted suspensors to retain mobility.
He consults numerous doctors in the expanse of time between the and Dune: House Harkonnen, up to and including his future instrument dr Yueh, all of whom are ultimately no help.
To conceal this debilitation, he pretends that his obesity is due to intentional overindulgence, lest the Landsraad remove him from power.
When he determines that Mohiam inflicted him with the disease, he attempts to coerce her into revealing the cure, but soon discovers that there is none.
The Baron, Duke Leto, and Jessica herself are unaware that Jessica is secretly the Baron's daughter or that he has even fathered one; in the year 10,176, the Baron's grandson Paul is born to Leto and Jessica.
In Hunters of Dune (2006), the continuation of the original series by Brian Herbert and Kevin Anderson, the Baron is resurrected as a ghola (5,029 years after the death of Alia) by the Lost Tleilaxu Uxtal, acting on orders from the Face Dancer Khrone.
Khrone intends to use the Baron ghola to manipulate a ghola of Paul Atreides, named Paolo.
Khrone tries various torture techniques for three years to awaken the 12-year-old Baron's genetic memories; these methods fail due to the Baron's sadomasochistic nature.
Khrone is successful when he imprisons the Baron in a sensory deprivation tank for a prolonged period; the Baron's memories of his former life return.
Ironically, the reincarnated Baron is soon haunted by the voice of Alia in his mind; the source of this inner Alia is never explained.
<EOS>
Saloon owner Kent (Brian Donlevy), the unscrupulous boss of the fictional Western town of Bottleneck, has the town's sheriff, mr Keogh (Joe King), killed when Keogh asks one too many questions about a rigged poker game.
Kent and "Frenchy" (Marlene Dietrich), his girlfriend and the dance hall queen, now have a stranglehold over the local cattle ranchers.
The crooked town's mayor, Hiram Slade (Samuel Hinds), who is in collusion with Kent, appoints the town drunk, Washington Dimsdale (Charles Winninger), as the new sheriff, assuming that he will be easy to control and manipulate.
But what the mayor does not know is that Dimsdale was a deputy under the famous lawman, Tom Destry, and is able to call upon the latter's equally formidable son, Tom Destry, Jr.
(James Stewart), to help him make Bottleneck a lawful, respectable town.
Destry confounds the townsfolk by refusing to strap on a gun in spite of demonstrating that he is an expert marksman.
He still carries out the "letter of the law", as deputy sheriff, and earns their respect.
A final confrontation between Destry and Kent's gang is inevitable, but "Frenchy" is won over by Destry and changes sides.
A final gunfight ensues where Frenchy is killed in the crossfire, and the rule of law wins the day.
<EOS>
The story is told in epistolary format, as a series of letters, diary entries, newspaper articles, and ships' log entries, whose narrators are the novel's protagonists, and occasionally supplemented with newspaper clippings relating events not directly witnessed.
The events portrayed in the novel take place chronologically and largely in England and Transylvania during the 1890s and all transpire within the same year between the 3rd of May and the 6th of November.
A short note is located at the end of the final chapter written 7 years after the events outlined in the novel.
The tale begins with Jonathan Harker, a newly qualified English solicitor, visiting Count Dracula in the Carpathian Mountains on the border of Transylvania, Bukovina, and Moldavia, to provide legal support for a real estate transaction overseen by Harker's employer, Mr Peter Hawkins of Exeter.
At first enticed by Dracula's gracious manners, Harker soon realizes that he is Dracula's prisoner.
Wandering the Count's castle against Dracula's admonition, Harker encounters three female vampires, called "the sisters", from whom he is rescued by Dracula.
After the preparations are made, Dracula leaves Transylvania and abandons Harker to the sisters.
Harker barely escapes from the castle with his life.
Not long afterward, a Russian ship, the Demeter, having weighed anchor at Varna, runs aground on the shores of Whitby in the east coast of England.
The captain's log narrates the gradual disappearance of the entire crew, until the captain alone remained, himself bound to the helm to maintain course.
An animal resembling "a large dog" is seen leaping ashore.
The ship's cargo is described as silver sand and 50 boxes of "mould", or earth, from Transylvania.
It is later learned that Dracula successfully purchased multiple estates under the alias 'Count De Ville' throughout London and devised to distribute the 50 boxes to each of them utilizing transportation services as well as moving them himself.
He does this to secure for himself "lairs" and the 50 boxes of earth would be used as his graves which would grant safety and rest during times of feeding and replenishing his strength.
Soon Dracula is indirectly shown to be stalking Lucy Westenra, who is holidaying in Whitby.
As time passes she begins to suffer from episodes of sleepwalking and dementia, as witnessed by her friend Mina Murray, the fiancée of Jonathan Harker.
Lucy receives three marriage proposals from dr John Seward, Quincey Morris, and Arthur Holmwood (the son of Lord Godalming who later obtains the title himself).
Lucy accepts Holmwood's proposal while turning down Seward and Morris, but all remain friends.
Dracula communicates with Seward's patient Renfield, an insane man who wishes to consume insects, spiders, birds, and rats to absorb their "life force".
Renfield is able to detect Dracula's presence and supplies clues accordingly.
When Lucy begins to waste away suspiciously, Seward invites his old teacher, Abraham Van Helsing, who immediately determines the true cause of Lucy's condition.
He refuses to disclose it but diagnoses her with acute blood-loss.
Helsing prescribes numerous blood transfusions to which dr Seward, Helsing, Quincey and Arthur all contribute over time.
Helsing also prescribes flowers to be placed throughout her room and weaves a necklace of withered Garlic Blossoms for her to wear as well.
She however continues to waste away - appearing to lose blood every night.
While both doctors are absent, Lucy and her mother are attacked by a wolf; mrs Westenra, who has a heart condition, dies of fright.
Van Helsing attempts to protect her with garlic but fate thwarts him each night, whether Lucy's mother removes the garlic from her room, or Lucy herself does so in her restless sleep.
The doctors have found two small puncture marks about her neck, which dr Seward is at a loss to understand.
After Lucy dies, Helsing places a golden crucifix over her mouth, ostensibly to delay or prevent Lucy's vampiric conversion.
Fate conspires against him again when Helsing finds the crucifix in the possession of one of the servants who stole it off Lucy's corpse.
Following Lucy's death and burial, the newspapers report children being stalked in the night by a "bloofer lady" (ie, "beautiful lady").
Van Helsing, knowing Lucy has become a vampire, confides in Seward, Lord Godalming, and Morris.
The suitors and Van Helsing track her down and, after a confrontation with her, stake her heart, behead her, and fill her mouth with garlic.
Around the same time, Jonathan Harker arrives from Budapest, where Mina marries him after his escape, and he and Mina join the campaign against Dracula.
The vampire hunters stay at dr Seward's residence, holding nightly meetings and providing reports based on each of their various tasks.
Mina discovers that each of their journals and letters collectively contain clues to which they can track him down.
She tasks herself with collecting them, researching newspaper clippings, fitting the most relevant entries into chronological order and typing out copies to distribute to each of the party which they are to study.
Jonathan Harker tracks down the shipments of boxed graves and the estates which Dracula has purchased in order to store them.
Van Helsing conducts research along with dr Seward to analyze the behaviour of their patient Renfield who they learn is directly influenced by Dracula.
They also research historical events, folklore, and superstitions from various cultures to understand Dracula's powers and weaknesses.
Van Helsing also establishes a criminal profile on Dracula in order to better understand his actions and predict his movements.
Arthur Holmwood's fortune assists in funding the entire operation and expenses.
As they learn the various properties Dracula had purchased, the male protagonists team up to raid each property and are several times confronted by Dracula.
As they discover each of the boxed graves scattered throughout London, they pry them open to place and seal wafers of sacramental bread within.
This act renders the boxes of earth completely useless to Dracula as he is unable to open, enter or further transport them.
After Dracula learns of the group's plot against him, he attacks Mina on three occasions, and feeds Mina his own blood to control her.
This curses Mina with vampirism and changes her but does not completely turn her into a vampire.
Van Helsing attempts to bless Mina through prayer and by placing a wafer of sacrament against her forehead, although it burns her upon contact leaving a wretched scar.
Under this curse, Mina oscillates from consciousness to a semi-trance during which she perceives Dracula's surroundings and actions.
Van Helsing is able to use hypnotism at the hour of dawn and put her into this trance to further track his movements.
Mina, afraid of Dracula's link with her, urges the team not to tell her their plans out of fear that Dracula will be listening.
After the protagonists discover and sterilize 49 boxes found throughout his lairs in London, they learn that Dracula has fled with the missing 50th box back to his castle in Transylvania.
They pursue him under the guidance of Mina.
They split up into teams once they reach Europe; Van Helsing and Mina team up to locate the castle of Dracula while the others attempt to ambush the boat Dracula is using to reach his home.
Van Helsing raids the castle and destroys the vampire "sisters".
Upon discovering Dracula being transported by Gypsies, Harker shears Dracula through the throat with a kukri while the mortally wounded Quincey stabs the Count in the heart with a Bowie knife.
Dracula crumbles to dust, and Mina is freed from her curse of vampirism.
The book closes with a note left by Jonathan Harker seven years after the events of the novel, detailing his married life with Mina and the birth of their son, whom they name after all four members of the party, but address as "Quincey".
Quincey is depicted sitting on the knee of Van Helsing as they recount their adventure.
The short story "Dracula's Guest" was posthumously published in 1914, two years after Stoker's death.
It was, according to most contemporary critics, the deleted first (or second) chapter from the original manuscript and the one which gave the volume its name, but which the original publishers deemed unnecessary to the overall story.
"Dracula's Guest" follows an unnamed Englishman traveller as he wanders around Munich before leaving for Transylvania.
It is Walpurgis Night and the young Englishman foolishly leaves his hotel, in spite of the coachman's warnings, and wanders through a dense forest alone.
Along the way, he feels that he is being watched by a tall and thin stranger (possibly Count Dracula).
The short story climaxes in an old graveyard, where the Englishman encounters a sleeping female vampire called Countess Dolingen in a marble tomb with a large iron stake driven into it.
This malevolent and beautiful vampire awakens from her marble bier to conjure a snowstorm before being struck by lightning and returning to her eternal prison.
However, the Englishman's troubles are not quite over, as he is dragged away by an unseen force and rendered unconscious.
He awakens to find a "gigantic" wolf lying on his chest and licking at his throat; however, the wolf merely keeps him warm and protects him until help arrives.
When the Englishman is finally taken back to his hotel, a telegram awaits him from his expectant host Dracula, with a warning about "dangers from snow and wolves and night".
A small section was removed from a draft of the final chapter, in which Dracula's castle falls apart as he dies, hiding the fact that vampires were ever there.
<EOS>
