Five years after the events of Maniac Mansion, Purple Tentacle—a mutant monster and lab assistant created by mad scientist dr Fred Edison—drinks toxic sludge from a river behind dr Fred's laboratory.
The sludge causes him to grow a pair of flipper-like arms, develop vastly increased intelligence and a thirst for global domination.
dr Fred plans to resolve the issue by killing Purple Tentacle and his harmless, friendly brother Green Tentacle, but Green Tentacle sends a plea of help to his old friend, the nerd Bernard Bernoulli.
Bernard travels to the Edison family motel with his two housemates, deranged medical student Laverne and roadie Hoagie, and frees the tentacles.
Purple Tentacle escapes to resume his quest to take over the world.
Since Purple Tentacle's plans are flawless and unstoppable, dr Fred decides to use his Chron-o-John time machines to send Bernard, Laverne and Hoagie to the day before to turn off his Sludge-o-Matic machine, thereby preventing Purple Tentacle's exposure to the sludge.
However, because dr Fred used an imitation diamond rather than a real diamond as a power source for the time machine, the Chron-o-Johns breaks down in operation.
Laverne is sent 200 years in the future, where humanity has been enslaved and Purple Tentacle rules the world from the Edison mansion, while Hoagie is dropped 200 years in the past, where the motel is being used by the Founding Fathers as a retreat to write the United States Constitution.
Bernard is returned to the present.
To salvage dr Fred's plan, Bernard must acquire a replacement diamond for the time machine, while Hoagie and Laverne must restore power to their respective Chron-o-John pods by plugging them in.
To overcome the lack of electricity in the past, Hoagie recruits the help of Benjamin Franklin and dr Fred's ancestor, Red Edison, to build a superbattery to power his pod, while Laverne evades capture by the tentacles long enough to run an extension cord to her unit.
The three send small objects back and forth in time through the Chron-o-Johns and make changes to history to help the others complete their tasks.
Eventually, Bernard uses dr Fred's family fortune of royalties from the Maniac Mansion TV series to purchase a real diamond, both Laverne and Hoagie manage to power their Chron-o-Johns, and the three are reunited in the present.
Purple Tentacle arrives, hijacks a Chron-o-John and takes it to the previous day to prevent them from turning off the sludge machine; he is pursued by Green Tentacle in another pod.
With only one Chron-o-John pod left, Bernard, Hoagie and Laverne use it to pursue the tentacles to the previous day, while dr Fred uselessly tries to warn them of using the pod together, referencing the film The Fly.
Upon arriving, the trio exit the pod only to discover that they have been turned into a three-headed monster, their bodies merging into one during the transfer.
Meanwhile, Purple Tentacle has used the time machine to bring countless of versions of himself from different moments in time to the same day to prevent the Sludge-o-Matic from being deactivated.
Bernard and his friends defeat the Purple Tentacles guarding the Sludge-o-Matic, turn off the machine and prevent the whole series of events from ever happening.
Returning to the present, dr Fred discovers that the three have not been turned into a monster at all but have just gotten stuck in the same set of clothes; they are then ordered by dr Fred to get out of his house.
The game ends with the credits rolling over a tentacle-shaped American flag, one of the more significant results of their tampering in history.
<EOS>
Nobita is a young boy who suffers from poor grades and frequent bullying.
In order to improve the life of his descendants, the robotic cat Doraemon is sent back in time by one of those descendants to protect and guide Nobita.
Doraemon has a pocket from which he produces items known as "gadgets", which range from toy and medicines, to technology from the future.
Some of these include the "bamboo-copter", a small head accessory that allows flight and the "Anywhere Door", a door that opens up to any place the user wishes.
Nobita's closest friend is Shizuka Minamoto, who also serves as his romantic interest.
Nobita is usually tormented by the bullying Takeshi Goda (nicknamed "Gian"), and the cunning and arrogant Suneo Honekawa.
A typical story consists of Doraemon using one of his gadgets in order to assist Nobita in various ways, often causing more trouble than he was trying to solve.
<EOS>
Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist dr Robert Elliott (Michael Caine).
During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances.
Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum where she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger.
Kate and the stranger stalk each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi.
They begin to have sex and continue at his apartment.
Hours later, Kate awakens and decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman (Ken Baker), is asleep.
Kate sits at his desk to leave him a note and finds a document indicating that Warren has contracted a sexually transmitted disease.
Mortified, she leaves the apartment.
In her haste, she has left her wedding ring on the nightstand, so she returns to retrieve it.
The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blond woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor.
Kate is violently slashed to death in the elevator.
A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), happens upon the body.
She catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer's next target.
dr Elliott receives a bizarre message on his answering machine from "Bobbi" (voice of William Finley), a transgender patient.
Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation.
Elliott tries to convince dr Levy (David Margulies), the patient's new doctor, that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others.
Police Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) is skeptical about Liz's story, partly because of her profession, so Liz joins forces with Kate's revenge-minded son Peter (Keith Gordon) to find the killer.
Peter, an inventor, uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients leaving Elliott's office.
They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde in sunglasses.
Several attempts are subsequently made on Liz's life.
One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace.
Liz and Peter scheme to learn Bobbi's real name by getting inside dr Elliott's office.
Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book.
Peter is watching through the window when a blonde pulls him away.
When Liz returns, a blonde with a razor confronts her; the blonde outside shoots and wounds the blonde inside, the wig falls off, and it is dr Elliott, revealing that he is also Bobbi.
The blonde who shot Bobbi is actually a female police officer, revealing herself to be the blonde who has been trailing Liz.
Elliott is arrested and placed in an insane asylum.
dr Levy explains later to Liz that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his male side would not allow him to go through with the operation.
Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, Bobbi, representing the unstable, female side of the doctor's personality, became threatened to the point that it finally became murderous.
When dr Levy realised this through his last conversation with Elliott, he called the police on the spot, who then, with his help, did their duty.
In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz's throat in a bloody act of vengeance.
She wakes up screaming, Peter rushing to her side, realizing that it was just a dream.
<EOS>
Doom, a science fiction/horror themed video game, has a background which is given in the game's instruction manual; the rest of the story is advanced with short messages displayed between each section of the game (called episodes), the action as the player character progresses through the levels, and some visual cues.
The player takes the role of an unnamed space marine ("Doomguy") who has been punitively posted to Mars after assaulting his commanding officer, who ordered his unit to fire on civilians.
The Martian space marine base acts as security for the Union Aerospace Corporation, a multi-planetary conglomerate, which is performing secret experiments with teleportation by creating gateways between the two moons of Mars, Phobos and Deimos.
Mars is considered by space marines to be the dullest assignment imaginable.
This all changes when the UAC experiments go horribly wrong.
Computer systems on Phobos malfunction, Deimos disappears entirely, and "something fragging evil" starts pouring out of the gateway, killing or possessing all UAC personnel.
Responding to a frantic distress call from the overrun scientists, the Martian marine unit is quickly sent by ship from Mars to Phobos to investigate, where the player character is left to guard the perimeter with only a pistol while the rest of the group proceeds inside.
The marine hears assorted radio messages, gunfire, and screams, followed by silence: "Seems your buddies are dead".
The player cannot navigate the ship off of Phobos alone and sees that the only way out is to fight through the Phobos complex.
As the last man standing, the player character's mission is to fight through the entire onslaught of demonic enemies by himself in order to keep them from attacking Earth.
Knee-Deep in the Dead, the first episode and the only one in the shareware version, is set in the high-tech military bases, power plants, computer centers and geological anomalies on Phobos.
It ends with the player character entering the teleporter leading to Deimos, only to be overwhelmed by monsters.
In the second episode, The Shores of Hell, the marine has successfully teleported to Deimos.
He fights his way through installations on Deimos, similar to those on Phobos, but warped and distorted from the demon invasion and interwoven with beastly architecture.
After defeating the titanic Cyberdemon, the marine discovers the truth about the vanished moon: it is floating above Hell.
The third episode, called Inferno, begins after the marine climbs off Deimos to the surface.
The marine fights his way through Hell and defeats the Spider Mastermind that planned the invasion.
Then a hidden doorway back to Earth opens for the hero, who has "proven too tough for Hell to contain".
However, a burning city and a rabbit's head impaled on a stake (named in The Ultimate Doom as the marine's pet rabbit, Daisy) show that the demons have invaded Earth, setting the stage for.
In The Ultimate Doom expansion, in the fourth episode Thy Flesh Consumed, it tells that the marine fought valiantly against the hordes of demons that the Spider Mastermind sent through that hidden doorway but ultimately the forces of Hell prevailed in the invasion of Earth.
The locales of Thy Flesh Consumed are varied, including a mix of high-tech bases and demonic temples, though the atmosphere appears to be Earth.
<EOS>
Diablo II takes place after the end of the previous game, Diablo, in the world of Sanctuary.
In Diablo, an unnamed warrior defeated Diablo and attempted to contain the Lord of Terror's essence within his own body.
Since then, the hero has become corrupted by the demon's spirit, causing demons to enter the world around him and wreak havoc.
A band of adventurers who pass through the Rogue Encampment hear these stories of destruction and attempt to find out the cause of the evil, starting with this corrupted "Dark Wanderer".
As the story develops, the truth behind this corruption is revealed: the soulstones were originally designed to capture the Prime Evils who were banished to the mortal realm after being overthrown by the Lesser Evils.
With the corruption of Diablo's soulstone, the demon is able to control the Dark Wanderer.
The soulstone of another demon, Baal, was united with the mage Tal-Rasha, who volunteered to absorb Baal's spirit in his own body and be imprisoned in a tomb.
As the story progresses, cut scenes show the Dark Wanderer's journey as a drifter named Marius follows him.
The player realizes that the Dark Wanderer's mission is to reunite with the other prime evils, Baal and Mephisto.
The story is divided up into four acts:  In the epilogue, Marius, speaking in a prison cell, indicates he was too weak to enter Hell, and that he fears the stone's effects on him.
He gives the soulstone to his visitor.
The visitor reveals himself to be Baal, the last surviving Prime Evil now in possession of his own soulstone.
He then kills Marius and sets the prison cell on fire.
The story continues in the expansion where Baal attempts to corrupt the mythical Worldstone on Mount Arreat.
Upon returning to the Pandemonium Fortress after defeating Diablo, Tyrael opens a portal to send the adventurers to Arreat.
<EOS>
Twelve years after the events described in Dune (1965), Paul "Muad'Dib" Atreides rules as Emperor.
By accepting the role of messiah to the Fremen, Paul had unleashed a jihad which conquered most of the known universe.
While Paul is the most powerful emperor ever known, he is powerless to stop the lethal excesses of the religious juggernaut he has created.
Although 61 billion people have perished, Paul's prescient visions indicate that this is far from the worst possible outcome for humanity.
Motivated by this knowledge, Paul hopes to set humanity on a course that will not inevitably lead to stagnation and destruction, while at the same time acting as ruler of the empire and focal point of the Fremen religion.
The Bene Gesserit, Spacing Guild, and Tleilaxu enter into a conspiracy to dethrone Paul, and the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam enlists Paul's own consort Princess Irulan, daughter of the deposed Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV.
Paul has refused to father a child with Irulan (or even touch her), but his Fremen concubine Chani has also failed to produce an heir, causing tension within his monarchy.
Desperate both to secure her place in the Atreides dynasty and to preserve the Atreides bloodline for the Bene Gesserit breeding program, Irulan has secretly been giving contraceptives to Chani.
Paul is aware of this fact, but has foreseen that the birth of his heir will bring Chani's death, and does not want to lose her.
He sees this in a terrifying vision of a moon that falls from the sky of Dune.
Because of the way oracles interfere with one another's prescience, the Guild Navigator Edric is able to shield the conspiracy from Paul's visions of the future.
The Tleilaxu Face Dancer Scytale gives Paul a gift he cannot resist: a Tleilaxu-grown ghola of the deceased Duncan Idaho, Paul's childhood teacher and friend, now called "Hayt".
The conspirators hope the presence of Hayt will undermine Paul's ability to rule by forcing Paul to question himself and the empire he has created.
Furthermore, Paul's acceptance of the gift weakens his support among the Fremen, who see the Tleilaxu and their tools as unclean.
Chani, taking matters into her own hands, switches to a traditional Fremen fertility diet, preventing Irulan from being able to tamper with her food, and soon becomes pregnant.
Otheym, one of Paul's former Fedaykin death commandos, reveals evidence of a Fremen conspiracy against Paul.
Otheym gives Paul his dwarf Tleilaxu servant Bijaz, who like a recording machine, can remember faces, names, and details.
Paul accepts reluctantly, seeing the strands of a Tleilaxu plot.
As Paul's soldiers attack the conspirators, others set off an atomic weapon called a stone burner, purchased from the Tleilaxu, that destroys the area and blinds Paul.
By tradition, all blind Fremen are abandoned in the desert, but Paul shocks the Fremen and entrenches his godhood by proving he can still see, even without eyes.
His oracular powers have become so developed that he can foresee in his mind everything that happens, as though his eyes still function.
By moving through his life in lockstep with his visions, he can see even the slightest details of the world around him.
The disadvantage of this is his inability to change any part of his destiny, trapping him in a hellish boredom.
The unraveling of the Fremen conspiracy reveals that Korba, a former Fedaykin and now high priest of Paul's church, is among Paul's enemies.
Duncan interrogates Bijaz, but the little man—actually an agent of the Tleilaxu—uses a specific humming intonation that renders Duncan open to implanted commands.
Bijaz programs Duncan to offer Paul a bargain when Chani dies: Chani's rebirth as a ghola, and the hope that Duncan Idaho's memories might be reawakened, in return for Paul sacrificing the throne and going into exile.
Bijaz also implants a compulsion that will force Duncan to attempt to kill Paul, given the appropriate circumstances.
Duncan remains oblivious of the programming.
Eventually, news is brought that Chani has died giving birth.
The grief of his loss is the falling moon that he foresaw in an earlier vision, and Paul stumbles, truly blind now, having removed himself from the prison of his own precise vision.
Paul's reaction to his wife's death triggers the compulsions in the mind of Duncan, who attempts to kill Paul.
Rather than kill his beloved Paul, though, Duncan's ghola body reacts against its own programming and recovers Duncan's full consciousness.
He remains conscious of the Zen-Sunni and Mentat training given to Duncan by the Tleilaxu, but is no longer bound to their programming.
Paul and Chani's newborn twins are "pre-born", like Paul's sister Alia had been, and come into the world fully conscious with Kwisatz Haderach-like access to ancestral memories thanks to a combination of their genes and an in utero exposure to the quantities of spice in Chani's special pregnancy diet.
Scytale offers to revive Chani as a ghola in return for all of Paul's CHOAM holdings.
Paul refuses to submit to the possibility that the Tleilaxu might program Chani in some diabolical way, and Scytale threatens the infants with a knife while he negotiates with Alia.
By successfully escaping the oracular trap and setting the universe on a new path, Paul has been rendered completely blind, yet he is able to kill Scytale with an accurately aimed dagger due to a vision from his son's perspective.
Now prophetically and physically blind, Paul chooses to embrace the Fremen tradition of a blind man walking alone into the desert, winning the fealty of the Fremen for his children, who will inherit his mantle of emperor.
Paul leaves Alia, now romantically involved with Duncan, as regent for the twins, whom he has named Leto and Ghanima.
Duncan notes the irony that Paul and Chani's deaths had enabled them to triumph against their enemies, and that Paul has escaped deification by walking into the desert as a man, while guaranteeing Fremen support for the Atreides line.
<EOS>
Duke Nukem 3D is set on Earth "sometime in the early 21st century".
The levels of Duke Nukem 3D take players outdoors and indoors through rendered street scenes, military bases, deserts, a flooded city, space stations, moon bases, and a Japanese restaurant.
The game contains several humorous references to pop culture.
Some of Duke's lines are drawn from movies such as Aliens, Dirty Harry, Evil Dead II, Full Metal Jacket, Jaws, Pulp Fiction, and They Live; the mutated women saying "Kill me" is a reference to Aliens.
Players will encounter corpses of famous characters such as Luke Skywalker, Indiana Jones, Snake Plissken, the protagonist of Doom, and a smashed T-800.
In the first episode, players navigate a tunnel in the wall of a prison cell hidden behind a poster, just like in The Shawshank Redemption.
During the second episode, players can see The Monolith (from ) on the moon.
In the bathroom of the first level, 867-5309 is written on a wall.
The game cover itself is a parody of Army of Darkness, with Duke posing as Ash Williams.
There is little story in the game, only a brief text prelude located under "Help" in the Main Menu, and a few cutscenes after the completion of an episode.
The game picks up right after the events of Duke Nukem II, with Duke returning to Earth in his space cruiser.
As Duke descends on Los Angeles in hopes of taking a vacation, his ship is shot down by unknown hostiles.
While sending a distress signal, Duke learns that aliens are attacking Los Angeles and have mutated the LAPD.
With his vacation plans now ruined, Duke hits the "eject" button, and vows to do whatever it takes to stop the alien invasion.
In "Episode One:A.
Meltdown", Duke fights his way through a dystopian Los Angeles.
At a strip club, he is captured by pig-cops, but escapes the alien-controlled penitentiary and tracks down the alien cruiser responsible for the invasion in the San Andreas Fault.
Duke discovers that the aliens were capturing women, and detonates the ship.
Levels in this episode include a movie theater, a Red Light District, a prison, and a nuclear-waste disposal facility.
In "Episode Two: Lunar Apocalypse", Duke journeys to space, where he finds many of the captured women held in various incubators throughout space stations that had been conquered by the aliens.
Duke reaches the alien mothership on the Moon and kills an alien Overlord.
As Duke inspects the ship's computer, it is revealed that the plot to capture women was merely a ruse to distract him.
The aliens have already begun their attack on Earth.
In "Episode Three: Shrapnel City", Duke battles the massive alien resistance through Los Angeles once again, and kills the leader of alien menace: the Cycloid Emperor.
The game ends as Duke promises that after some "R&R", he will be ".
ready for more action.
", as an anonymous woman calls him back to bed.
Levels in this episode include a sushi bar, a movie set, a subway, and a hotel.
The story continues in the Atomic Edition.
In "Episode Four: The Birth", it is revealed that the aliens used a captured woman to give birth to the Alien Queen, a creature which can quickly spawn deadly alien protector drones.
Duke is dispatched back to Los Angeles to fight hordes of aliens, including the protector drones.
Eventually, Duke finds the lair of the Alien Queen, and kills her, thus thwarting the alien plot.
Levels in this episode include a fast-food restaurant ("Duke Burger"), a supermarket, a Disneyland parody called "Babe Land," a police station, the Exxon Valdez, and Area 51.
With the release of 20th Anniversary World Tour, the story progress further.
In "Episode Five: Alien World Order", Duke finds out that the aliens initiated a world-scale invasion, so he sets out to repel their attack on various countries.
Duke proceeds to clear out aliens from Amsterdam (Netherlands), Moscow (Russia), London (England), San Francisco (USA), Paris (France), Giza Pyramid (Egypt), Rome (Italy), with the final showdown with the returning alien threat taking place in Los Angeles, taking the game full circle.
There, he defeats the new "Inferno" Cycloid Emperor, the current alien leader, stopping their threat for good.
<EOS>
United States Air Force Brigadier General Jack Ripper is commander of Burpelson Air Force Base, which houses the Strategic Air Command 843rd Bomb Wing, equipped with B-52 bombers and nuclear bombs.
The 843rd is currently in-flight on airborne alert, two hours from their targets inside Russia.
General Ripper orders his executive officer, Group Captain Lionel Mandrake of the UK Royal Air Force, to put the base on alert.
Ripper also issues "Wing Attack Plan R" to the patrolling aircraft, one of which is commanded by Major "King" Kong.
All of the aircraft commence an attack flight on Russia and set their radios to allow communications only through the CRM 114 discriminator, which is programmed to accept only communications preceded by a secret three-letter code known only to General Ripper.
Mandrake discovers that no war order has been issued by the Pentagon and tries to stop Ripper, who locks them both in his office.
Ripper tells Mandrake that he believes the Soviets have been using fluoridation of United States water supplies to pollute the "precious bodily fluids" of Americans.
Mandrake now realizes that Ripper is insane.
In the War Room at the Pentagon, General Buck Turgidson briefs President Merkin Muffley and other officers about how Plan R enables a senior officer to launch a strike against the Soviets if all superiors have been killed in a first strike on Washington,C.
Turgidson reports that his men are trying every possible three-letter CRM code to issue the stand-down order, but that could take over two days and the planes are due to reach their targets in about an hour.
Muffley orders the Army chief to storm the base and arrest General Ripper.
Turgidson attempts to convince Muffley to let the attack continue, but Muffley refuses to be party to a nuclear first strike.
Instead, he brings Soviet ambassador Alexei de Sadeski into the War Room, to telephone Soviet premier Dimitri Kissov on the "hot line".
Muffley warns the Premier of the impending attack and offers to reveal the planes' positions and targets so the Russians can protect themselves.
After a heated discussion in Russian with the Premier, the ambassador informs President Muffley that the Soviet Union has created a doomsday device, which consists of many buried bombs jacketed with "Cobalt-Thorium G" connected to a computer network set to detonate them automatically should any nuclear attack strike the country.
Within two months after detonation, the Cobalt-Thorium G would encircle the earth in a radioactive "doomsday shroud", wiping out all human and animal life, rendering the surface of the earth uninhabitable for 93 years.
The device cannot be dismantled or "untriggered", as it is programmed to explode if any such attempt is made.
When the President's wheelchair-bound scientific advisor, former-Nazi dr Strangelove points out that such a doomsday device would only be an effective deterrent if everyone knew about it, de Sadeski replies that the Russian Premier had planned to reveal its existence to the world the following week.
Meanwhile, United States Army forces arrive at Burpelson, still sealed by Ripper's order, and soon take over the base.
Ripper kills himself, while Mandrake identifies Ripper's CRM code from his desk blotter ("OPE," a variant of both Peace on Earth and Purity of Essence) and relays this code to the Pentagon.
Using the recall code, SAC successfully recalls all of the aircraft except one.
No one in the War Room knows that a surface-to-air missile has ruptured the fuel tank of that plane and destroyed its communications device, making it impossible to recall this particular plane even with the correct recall code.
Muffley discloses the plane's target to help the Soviets find it, but Major Kong, his fuel dwindling, has selected a closer target.
As the plane approaches the new target, the crew is unable to open the damaged bomb bay doors.
Major Kong enters the bomb bay and repairs the broken electric wiring, whereupon the doors open.
With Kong straddling it like a rodeo bull, the bomb falls and detonates.
In the War Room, dr Strangelove recommends that the President gather several hundred thousand people to live in deep mineshafts where the radiation will not penetrate.
He suggests a 10:1 female-to-male ratio for a breeding program to repopulate the Earth when the radiation has subsided.
Turgidson, worried that the Soviets will do the same, warns about a "mineshaft gap".
Just then the doomsday device kicks into operation and the film ends with a montage of nuclear detonations, accompanied by Vera Lynn's WW-II era recording of "We'll Meet Again".
<EOS>
The story is told from the viewpoint of lt Werner (Herbert Grönemeyer), who has been assigned as a war correspondent on the in October 1941.
He meets its captain (Jürgen Prochnow), chief engineer (Klaus Wennemann), and the crew in a raucous French bordello.
Thomsen (Otto Sander), another captain, gives a crude drunken speech to celebrate his Ritterkreuz award, in which he openly mocks not only Winston Churchill but implicitly Adolf Hitler as well.
The next morning, they sail out of the harbour of La Rochelle to a cheering crowd and playing band.
Werner is given a tour of the boat.
As time passes, he observes ideological differences between the new crew members and the hardened veterans, particularly the captain, who is embittered and cynical about the war.
The new men, including Werner, are often mocked by the rest of the crew, who share a tight bond.
After days of boredom, the crew is excited by another U-boat's spotting of an enemy convoy, but they soon locate a British destroyer.
While the captain attempts to sink the destroyer, it sees the sub's periscope, and they are bombarded with depth charges.
They narrowly escape with only light damage.
The next three weeks are spent enduring a relentless storm.
Morale drops after a series of misfortunes, but the crew is cheered temporarily by a chance encounter with Thomsen's boat.
Shortly after the storm ends, the boat encounters a British convoy and quickly launches four torpedoes, sinking two ships.
They are spotted by a destroyer and have to dive below the submarine's rated limit.
During the ensuing depth-charge attack, the chief mechanic, Johann, panics and has to be restrained.
The boat sustains heavy damage, but is eventually able to safely surface in darkness.
An enemy tanker remains afloat and on fire, so they torpedo the ship, only to realize that there are still sailors aboard; they watch in horror as the sailors, some on fire, leap overboard and swim towards them.
Following orders not to take prisoners, the captain gives the command to back the ship away.
The worn-out U-boat crew looks forward to returning home to La Rochelle in time for Christmas, but the ship is ordered to La Spezia, Italy, which means passing through the Strait of Gibraltar—an area heavily defended by the Royal Navy.
The U-boat makes a secret night rendezvous at the harbour of Vigo, in neutral although Axis-friendly Spain, with the SS Weser, an interned German merchant ship that clandestinely provides U-boats with fuel, torpedoes, and other supplies.
The filthy officers seem out of place at the opulent dinner prepared for them, but are warmly greeted by enthusiastic officers eager to hear their exploits.
The captain learns from an envoy of the German consulate that his request for Werner and the chief engineer to be sent back to Germany has been denied.
The crew finishes resupplying and departs for Italy.
As they carefully approach Gibraltar and are just about to dive, they are suddenly attacked by a British fighter plane, wounding the navigator.
The captain orders the boat directly south towards the African coast at full speed.
British ships begin closing in and they are forced to dive; it is later implied that the ships used radar to locate the sub.
When attempting to level off, the boat does not respond and continues to sink until, just before being crushed by the pressure, it lands on a sea shelf, at the depth of 280 metres.
The crew work desperately to make numerous repairs before running out of oxygen.
After over 16 hours, they are able to surface by blowing out their ballast of water, and limp back towards La Rochelle under cover of darkness.
The crew is pale and weary upon reaching La Rochelle on Christmas Eve.
Shortly after the wounded navigator is taken ashore to a waiting ambulance, Allied planes bomb and strafe the facilities, wounding or killing many of the crew.
Ullmann, Johann and the 2nd Watch Officer are killed.
After the raid, Werner leaves the U-boat bunker in which he had taken shelter and finds the captain, badly injured by shrapnel, watching the U-boat sink at the dock.
Just after the boat disappears under the water, the captain collapses and dies.
Werner runs to his body, recoils, and quickly glances around at the destruction, his face frozen with distress.
He then looks down at the captain's body, with tears in his eyes.
<EOS>
Death of a Hero is the story of a young English artist named George Winterbourne who enlists in the army at the beginning of World War The book is narrated by an unnamed first-person narrator who claims to have known and served with the main character.
It is divided into three parts.
The first part details George's family history.
His father, a middle-class man from England's countryside, marries a poor woman who falsely believes she is marrying into a monied family.
After George's birth, his mother has a series of lovers.
George is brought up to be a proper and patriotic member of English society.
He is encouraged to learn his father's insurance business, but fails to do so.
After a disagreement with his parents, he relocates to London to become an artist and live a socialite lifestyle.
The second section of the book deals with George's London life.
He ingrains himself in socialite society and engages a number of trendy philosophies.
After he and his lover, Elizabeth, have a pregnancy scare, they decide to marry.
Although they do not have a child, the marriage endures.
They decide to leave their marriage open.
George takes Elizabeth's close friend as a lover, however, and their marriage begins to fall apart.
Just as the situation is becoming particularly heated, England declares war on Germany.
George decides to enlist.
George trains for the army and is sent to France.
(No particular location in France is mentioned.
The town behind the front where George spends much of his time is referred to as M---.
) He fights on the front for some time.
When he returns home, he finds that he has been so affected by the war that he cannot relate to his friends, including his wife and lover.
The casualty rate among officers is particularly high at the front.
When a number of officers in George's unit are killed, he is promoted.
Upon spending time with the other officers, he finds them to be cynical and utilitarian.
He loses faith in the war quickly.
The story ends with George standing up during a machine-gun barrage.
He is killed.
At the end of the book there is a poem written from the point of view of a veteran comparing World War I to the Trojan War.
<EOS>
Five Michigan State University students — Ash Williams (Bruce Campbell), his girlfriend Linda (Betsy Baker), Ash's sister Cheryl (Ellen Sandweiss), their friend Scotty, and his girlfriend Shelly—venture into rural Tennessee to vacation in an isolated cabin for their spring break.
They soon run into trouble, with Scotty nearly colliding with a truck, then barely getting the group to safety when the bridge leading to the cabin starts to collapse.
That night, while Cheryl is sketching an old clock, when she notices it stopping.
She fears a faint, demonic voice outside her window say "Join Us".
After she shrugs it off, her hand becomes possessed, causing her to draw a picture that looks like a book with a deformed, evil face.
Unsure of what happened and what to do, she decides not to mention the incident to the others.
When the trapdoor to the cellar mysteriously flies open during dinner, Ash and Scotty go down to investigate and find the Naturom Demonto, a Sumerian version of the Egyptian Book of the Dead, along with a tape recorder belonging to the archeologist who owned it.
When Scotty plays it, the archeologist's voice recites a series of incantations, resurrecting a mysterious, demonic entity.
Cheryl becomes increasingly hysterical and locks herself in her room.
Later, she hears strange voices and goes outside to investigate.
Meanwhile, Ash gives Linda a silver necklace, which she absolutely loves.
Cheryl is then attacked and raped by demonically possessed trees, but manages to escape.
Unable to convince the others of what happened, she asks Ash to take her into town for the night.
However, Ash soon discovers that the bridge has been destroyed.
Back at the cabin, Ash listens to more of the tape, learning that the only way to kill the entity is to dismember it when it possesses a host.
Cheryl succumbs to the entity and attacks the others, stabbing Linda in the ankle with a pencil before Scotty is able to force her into the cellar.
Shelly becomes possessed as well, forcing Scotty to chop up her body with an axe and bury the remains.
Shaken by the experience, he leaves to find a way back to town.
When Ash goes to check on Linda, he is horrified to find that she has already begun to turn.
A badly-injured Scotty staggers into the cabin and dies of his wounds, having been attacked by the trees.
While Ash tries to figure out what to do, both Linda and Cheryl pretend to be cured, only to quickly revert to their demonic forms.
Ash locks Linda outside, but she returns and tries to stab him before he impales her with a dagger.
He tries to cut up her remains with a chainsaw, but can't bring himself to do so, and ends up burying her instead.
When he reaches for her necklace on the ground, she escapes again trying to kill him.
Ash decapitates her with a shovel, and her headless body bleeds all over Ash's face as it tries to rape him before he escapes.
Back in the cabin, he quickly realizes that Cheryl has forced open the trapdoor.
After wounding her with a shotgun, he heads to the basement for more ammunition.
There, the entity tortures him by dousing him with blood from a pipe, while more blood seeps from the walls and ceilings.
Scotty is revived as a demon and attacks Ash when he goes back upstairs, while Cheryl savagely beats him with a fireplace poker.
Ash gets his hands on the book with Linda's necklace, and throws it into the fireplace.
As the book burns, Scotty and Cheryl begin to gruesomely decompose and their blood sprays all over Ash as he stares in horror and disgust.
After Scotty and Cheryl are dead, Ash hears the voice of the demons telling him "Join Us".
As the voice dies away as well, Ash grabs Linda's necklace in gratitude.
Covered in blood, Ash stumbles outside as the sun begins to rise.
Before he can get in his car to leave, the entity attacks him from behind where he lets out a final scream before the film cuts abruptly to the ending credits.
<EOS>
At a retreat on the English coast, Christine Clay (Pamela Carme), a successful actress, argues passionately with her jealous ex-husband Guy (George Curzon).
Not accepting her Reno divorce as valid, he accuses her of having an affair.
His face twitches violently around his eyes as they argue.
Finally he leaves.
The next morning, Robert Tisdall (Derrick De Marney) happens to be walking along the seaside when Christine's dead body washes ashore.
Tisdall recognizes her, and runs for help.
Two young women arrive just in time to see him racing away from the corpse.
The police quickly decide that he is the only suspect.
Christine was strangled with the belt from a raincoat; Tisdall's raincoat is missing and he says it was recently stolen.
He admits knowing the victim from three years ago when he sold her a story, but they assume the two have been having an affair.
When they learn that she left him money in her will (unknown to him), Tisdall is arrested.
Tisdall is grilled all night by Scotland Yard detectives until he faints.
He is revived by the aid of Erica Burgoyne (Nova Pilbeam), daughter of the local police Chief Constable.
Tisdall is assigned an incompetent barrister, and is taken into court for his formal arraignment.
Doubting if his innocence will ever be established, he takes advantage of overcrowding in the courthouse to escape, wearing the barrister's eyeglasses as a disguise.
He gets away by riding on the running board of Erica's Morris car, revealing himself to her after the car runs out of petrol.
He helps push the car to a filling station and pays for petrol, and convinces her to give him a ride.
Though she was initially fearful and unsure about her passenger, Erica eventually becomes convinced of his innocence and elects to help him in any way that she can.
They are eventually spotted together, forcing both to stay on the run from the police.
Tisdall tries to prove his innocence by tracking down the stolen coat: if it still has its belt, the one found next to Christine's body must not be his.
The duo succeed in finding Old Will (Edward Rigby), a sociable china-mender and homeless man who has Tisdall's coat.
But Will was not the thief; he was given the coat by a man with twitchy eyes.
And when Will received the coat, its belt was missing.
Separated from the group, Erica is taken in by the police.
Upon realizing that his daughter has fully allied herself with a murder suspect (in fact, they are in love), her father chooses to resign his position as Chief Constable rather than arrest her for assisting him.
Tisdall sneaks into their house to see her, intending to surrender next, but she mentions that the coat had a box of matches from the Grand Hotel in a pocket.
Tisdall has never been there: perhaps the murderer has a connection to the hotel.
Erica and Will go to the Grand Hotel together, hoping to find him.
In a memorably long, continuous sequence, the camera pans right from their entrance to the hotel and then moves forward from the very back of the hotel ballroom, finally focusing in extreme closeup on the drummer in a dance band performing in blackface.
His face is twitching around the eyes.
He is Guy.
Recognizing Old Will in the audience, and seeing policemen nearby (actually they have followed Old Will in the hopes of finding Tisdall), Guy performs poorly due to fear.
He takes medicine to try to control the twitching, but it makes him very sleepy, and he is berated by the conductor.
Eventually, Guy faints in the middle of a performance, drawing the attention of Erica and the police.
Immediately after being revived and confronted, he confesses his crime and begins laughing hysterically.
Erica then tells her father that she thinks it's time they invited Tisdall to their home for dinner.
<EOS>
In 1988, following a 400% increase in crime, the United States Government has turned Manhattan into a giant maximum-security prison.
A containment wall surrounds the island and routes out of Manhattan have been dismantled or mined, while armed helicopters patrol the rivers.
In 1997, while travelling to a peace summit between the United States, China and the Soviet Union, Air Force One is hijacked by a domestic terrorist posing as a stewardess.
The President is given a tracking bracelet and his briefcase (containing an audiotape describing a powerful new bomb) handcuffed to his wrist.
He makes it to an escape pod, and lands in Manhattan just before Air Force One crashes, killing everyone else aboard.
Police are dispatched to rescue the President.
However, Romero, the right-hand man of the Duke of New York, the top crime boss in the prison, warns them that the Duke has taken the President hostage, and that he will be killed if any further rescue attempts are mounted.
Police Commissioner Bob Hauk offers a deal to "Snake" Plissken, a former Special Forces soldier convicted of attempting to rob the Federal Reserve in Denver: if Snake rescues the President and retrieves the cassette tape, Hauk will arrange a presidential pardon.
To ensure his compliance, Hauk injects him with micro-explosives that will rupture Snake's carotid arteries within 22 hours; if Snake returns with the President and the tape in time, Hauk will neutralize the explosives.
Snake is sent into Manhattan in a stealth glider, landing atop the World Trade Center.
He tracks the President's life-monitor bracelet to a vaudeville theatre, only to find it on the wrist of an insane old man.
He meets "Cabbie," who takes Snake in his armored taxi cab to Harold "Brain" Hellman, an advisor to the Duke based in the New York Public Library, and a former associate of Snake's.
Brain tells Snake that the Duke plans to unify the gangs in a mass exodus across the heavily-guarded Queensboro Bridge, using the President as a human shield and a map Brain has created to avoid the land mines planted on all the remaining bridges.
Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie to lead him to the Duke's compound at Grand Central Station.
He finds the President and tries to free him, but is captured by the Duke's men.
While Snake is forced to fight in a gladiatorial death match with Slag, a prisoner, Brain and Maggie trick Romero into letting them see the President, killing him and fleeing with the President.
As Snake kills Slag, the Duke learns of Brain's treachery and rallies his gang to chase them down.
Snake, Brain, Maggie, and the President race to the World Trade Center in an attempt to use Snake's glider to escape from Mahattan.
After a group of crazies destroy it, the group returns to the street and encounters Cabbie, who offers to take them across the bridge.
When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape (having traded it to Romero earlier for his hat), the President demands it, but Snake keeps it.
The Duke pursues the group onto the heavily mined 69th street bridge, setting off mines as he tries to catch up.
With Brain navigating through the minefield, Snake manages to avoid most of the explosives, but the cab finally hits a mine and is blown in half.
Cabbie is killed.
As the remaining escapees flee on foot, Brain is killed when he steps on another mine.
Maggie refuses to leave him, and stands defiantly in the middle of the road, shooting at the Duke's car until he runs her down, killing her.
Snake and the President reach the perimeter wall and the guards raise the President on a rope.
The Duke opens fire on the wall, killing the guards and forcing Snake to dive for cover, but the President grabs a rifle from a guard and shoots the Duke dead while hysterically repeating "You're the Duke.
A number one.
", a phrase he was tortured into repeating while held hostage.
Snake is lifted to safety and the implanted explosives are deactivated with seconds to spare.
As the President prepares for a televised speech to the leaders at the summit meeting, he thanks Snake for saving him.
Snake asks how he feels about the people who died saving his life, but the President only offers halfhearted regret.
As Snake walks away in disgust, Hauk offers Snake a job, which he refuses.
The President's speech commences, and he offers the contents of the cassette; to his embarrassment, the tape is Cabbie's cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie".
As Snake walks away, he intentionally tears the magnetic tape, out of the cassette reel, with the actual message, that was intended to be delivered, by the President.
<EOS>
Dr.
Bill Harford and his wife, Alice, are a young couple living in New York who attend a Christmas party thrown by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler.
Bill is reunited with Nick Nightingale, a medical school drop-out who now plays piano professionally.
While a Hungarian man named Sandor Szavost tries to seduce Alice, two young models try to take Bill off.
He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with Mandy, a young woman who overdosed on a speedball.
Mandy recovers with Bill's aid.
The next evening at home, while smoking cannabis, Alice asks him if he had sex with the two girls.
After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her.
As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men.
She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation.
Disturbed by Alice's revelation, Bill is then called by the daughter of a patient who has just died.
After visiting the home, he meets a prostitute named Domino and goes to her apartment.
Alice phones as Domino begins to kiss Bill, after which he calls off the awkward encounter.
Meeting Nick at the jazz club Bill learns that Nick has an engagement where he must play piano blindfolded.
Bill learns that to gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask, and the password, which Nick had written down.
Bill goes to a costume shop and offers the owner, mr Milich, a generous amount of money to rent a costume.
In the shop, Milich catches his teenage daughter with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of a sense of decency.
Bill takes a taxi to the country mansion mentioned by Nick.
He gives the password and discovers a sexual ritual is taking place.
A woman warns him he is in terrible danger.
A porter then takes him to the ritual room, where a disguised red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password.
Bill says he has forgotten it.
The masked woman who had tried to warn Bill intervenes and insists that she will redeem him.
Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there.
Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused.
He finds Alice laughing loudly in her sleep and awakens her.
While crying, she tells him of a troubling dream in which she was having sex with the naval officer and many other men, and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them.
The next morning, Bill goes to Nick's hotel, where the desk clerk tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men.
Bill goes to return the costume, but not the mask, which he has misplaced, and learns Milich has sold his daughter into prostitution.
Bill returns to the country mansion in his own car and is met at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries.
After reading a newspaper story about a beauty queen who died of a drug overdose, Bill views the body at the morgue and identifies it as Mandy.
Bill is summoned to Ziegler's house, where he is confronted with the events of the past night and day.
Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy, and identified Bill and his connection with Nick.
Ziegler claims that he had Bill followed for his own protection, and that the warnings made against Bill by the society are only intended to scare him from speaking about the orgy.
However, he implies the society is capable of acting on their threats.
Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the masked woman at the party who'd "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill's punishment, and about the disappearance of Nick, the piano player.
Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at his home in Seattle.
Ziegler also says the "punishment" was a charade by the secret society to further frighten Bill, and it had nothing to do with Mandy's death; she was a hooker and addict and had died from another accidental drug overdose.
Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth about Nick's disappearance or Mandy's death, but he says nothing further.
When he returns home, Bill finds the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife.
He breaks down in tears and decides to tell Alice the whole truth of the past two days.
The next morning, they go Christmas shopping with their daughter.
Alice muses that they should be grateful they have survived, that she loves him, and there is something they must do as soon as possible.
When Bill asks what it is, she simply says: "Fuck".
<EOS>
De Vere had sold his inherited lands in Cornwall, Staffordshire and Wiltshire prior to his continental tour.
On his return to England in 1576 he sold his manors in Devonshire; by the end of 1578 he had sold at least seven more.
In 1577 De Vere invested £25 in the second of Martin Frobisher's expeditions in search of the Northwest Passage.
In July 1577 he asked the Crown for the grant of Castle Rising, which had been forfeited to the Crown due to his cousin Norfolk's attainder in 1572.
As soon as it was granted to him, he sold it, along with two other manors, and sank some £3,000 into Frobisher's third expedition.
The 'gold' ore brought back turned out to be worthless, and De Vere lost the entire investment.
In the summer of 1578 De Vere attended the Queen's progress through East Anglia.
The royal party stayed at Lord Henry Howard's residence at Audley End.
A contretemps occurred during the progress in mid-August when the Queen twice requested De Vere to dance before the French ambassadors, who were in England to negotiate a marriage between the 46-year-old Elizabeth and the younger brother of Henri III of France, the 24-year-old Duke of Anjou.
De Vere refused on the grounds that he "would not give pleasure to Frenchmen".
In April the Spanish ambassador, Bernardino de Mendoza, wrote to King Philip II of Spain that it had been proposed that if Anjou were to travel to England to negotiate his marriage to the Queen, De Vere, Surrey and Windsor should be hostages for his safe return.
Anjou himself did not arrive in England until the end of August, but his ambassadors were already in England.
De Vere was sympathetic to the proposed marriage, Leicester and his nephew Philip Sidney were adamantly opposed to it.
This antagonism may have triggered the famous quarrel between De Vere and Sidney on the tennis court at Whitehall.
It is not entirely clear who was playing on the court when the fight erupted; what is undisputed is that De Vere called Sidney a 'puppy', while Sidney responded that "all the world knows puppies are gotten by dogs, and children by men".
The French ambassadors, whose private galleries overlooked the tennis court, were witness to the display.
Whether it was Sidney who next challenged De Vere to a duel or the other way around, De Vere did not take it further, and the Queen personally took Sidney to task for not recognizing the difference between his status and De Vere's.
Christopher Hatton and Sidney's friend Hubert Languet also tried to dissuade Sidney from pursuing the matter, and it was eventually dropped.
The specific cause is not known, but in January 1580 De Vere wrote and challenged Sidney; by the end of the month De Vere was confined to his chambers, and was not released until early February.
De Vere openly quarrelled with the Earl of Leicester about this time; he was confined to his chamber at Greenwich for some time 'about the libelling between him and my Lord of Leicester'.
In the summer of 1580, Gabriel Harvey, apparently motivated by a desire to ingratiate himself with Leicester, satirized De Vere's love for things Italian in verses entitled Speculum Tuscanismi in Three Proper and Witty Familiar Letters.
Although details are unclear, there is evidence that in 1577 De Vere attempted to leave England to see service in the French Wars of Religion on the side of King Henry III.
Like many members of older established aristocratic families in England, De Vere inclined to Catholicism; after his return from Italy he was reported to have embraced the religion, perhaps after being introduced to a seminary priest, Richard Stephens, by a distant kinsman, Charles Arundell.
But just as quickly, late in 1580 he denounced a group of Catholics, among them Arundell, Francis Southwell and Henry Howard, for treasonous activities and asking the Queen's mercy for his own, now repudiated, Catholicism.
Elizabeth characteristically delayed in acting on the matter and he was detained under house arrest for a short time.
Leicester is credited for having "dislodged De Vere from the pro-French group",e, the group at court which favoured Elizabeth's marriage to the Duke of Anjou.
The Spanish ambassador, Mendoza, was also of the view that Leicester was behind De Vere's informing on his fellow Catholics in an attempt to prevent the French marriage.
Peck concurs, stating that Leicester was "intent upon rendering Sussex's allies politically useless".
The Privy Council ordered the arrest of both Howard and Arundell; De Vere immediately met secretly with Arundell to convince him to support his allegations against Howard and Southwell, offering him money and a pardon from the Queen.
Arundell refused De Vere's offer, and he and Howard initially sought asylum with Mendoza.
Only after being assured they would be placed under house arrest in the home of a Privy Council member, did the pair give themselves up.
During the first weeks after their arrest they pursued a threefold strategy: they would admit to minor crimes, prove De Vere a liar by his offers of money to testify to his accusations, and demonstrate that their accuser posed the real danger to the Crown.
The extensive list to discredit De Vere included atheism, lying, heresy, disobedience to the crown, treason, murder for hire, sexual perversion and pederasty with his English and Italian servants ("buggering a boy that is his cook and many other boys"), habitual drunkenness, vowing to murder various courtiers and declaring that Elizabeth had a bad singing voice.
Arundell and Howard cleared themselves of De Vere's accusations, although Howard remained under house arrest into August, while Arundell was not freed until October or November.
None of the three was ever indicted or tried.
In the meantime De Vere was at liberty, and won a tournament at Westminster on 22 January.
His page's speech at the tournament, describing De Vere's appearance as the Knight of the Tree of the Sun, was published in 1592 in a pamphlet entitled Plato, Axiochus.
On 14 April 1589 De Vere was among the peers who found Philip Howard, Earl of Arundel, the eldest son and heir of De Vere's cousin, Thomas, Duke of Norfolk, guilty of treason.
Arundel later died in prison.
De Vere later insisted that "the Howards were the most treacherous race under heaven" and that "my Lord Howard [was] the worst villain that lived in this earth".
During the early 1580s it is likely that the Earl lived mainly at one of his Essex country houses, Wivenhoe, which was sold in 1584.
In June 1580 he purchased a tenement and seven acres of land near Aldgate in London from the Italian merchant Benedict Spinola for £2,500.
The property, located in the parish of St Botolphs, was known as the Great Garden of Christchurch and had formerly belonged to Magdalene College, Cambridge.
He also purchased a London residence, a mansion in Bishopsgate known as Fisher's Folly.
According to Henry Howard, De Vere paid a large sum for the property and renovations to it.
De Vere's triumph was short-lived.
On 23 March 1581 Sir Francis Walsingham advised the Earl of Huntingdon that two days earlier Anne Vavasour, one of the Queen's maids of honour, had given birth to a son, and that "the Earl of Oxford is avowed to be the father, who hath withdrawn himself with intent, as it is thought, to pass the seas".
De Vere was captured and imprisoned in the Tower, as was Anne and her infant, who would later be known as Sir Edward Vere.
Burghley interceded for him, and he was released from the Tower on 8 June, but he remained under house arrest until sometime in July.
While De Vere was under house arrest in May, Thomas Stocker dedicated to him his Divers Sermons of Master John Calvin, stating in the dedication that he had been "brought up in your Lordship's father's house".
De Vere was still under house arrest in mid-July, but took part in an Accession Day tournament at Whitehall on 17 November 1581.
De Vere was banished from court until June 1583.
He appealed to Burghley to intervene with the Queen on his behalf, but his father-in-law repeatedly put the matter in the hands of Sir Christopher Hatton.
At Christmas 1581 De Vere reconciled with his wife, Anne, but his affair with Anne Vavasour continued to have repercussions.
In March 1582 there was a skirmish in the streets of London between De Vere and Anne's uncle, Sir Thomas Knyvet.
De Vere was wounded and his servant killed; reports conflict as to whether Kynvet was also injured.
There was another fray between Knyvet's and De Vere's retinues on 18 June, and a third six days later, where it was reported that Knyvet had "slain a man of the Earl of Oxford's in fight".
In a letter to Burghley three years later De Vere offered to attend his father-in-law at his house "as well as a lame man might"; it is possible his lameness was a result of injuries from that encounter.
On 19 January 1585 Anne Vavasour's brother Thomas sent De Vere a written challenge; it appears to have been ignored.
Meanwhile, the street-brawling between factions continued.
Another of De Vere's men was slain that month, and in March Burghley wrote to Sir Christopher Hatton about the death of one of Knyvet's men, thanking Hatton for his efforts "to bring some good end to these troublesome matters betwixt my Lord and Oxford and Mr Thomas Knyvet".
On 6 May 1583, eighteen months after their reconciliation, Edward and Anne's only son was born, and died the same day.
The infant was buried at Castle Hedingham three days later.
After intervention by Burghley and Sir Walter Raleigh, De Vere was reconciled to the Queen and his two-year exile from court ended at the end of May on condition of his guarantee of good behaviour.
However, he never regained his position as a courtier of the first magnitude.
<EOS>
Lee (Bruce Lee), a highly skilled Shaolin martial artist from Hong Kong is approached by Braithwaite, a British intelligence agent investigating suspected crime lord Han (Shih Kien).
Lee is persuaded to attend a high-profile martial arts competition on Han's private island in order to gather evidence that will prove his involvement in drug trafficking and prostitution.
Shortly before his departure, Lee also learns that his sister's killer, O'Hara (Robert Wall), is working as Han's bodyguard on the island.
Also fighting in the competition are indebted gambling addict Roper (John Saxon) and fellow Vietnam war veteran Williams (Jim Kelly).
At the end of the first day, Lee is able to make contact with undercover operative Mei Ling (Betty Chung) and after meeting with her, sneaks deeper into Han's compound looking for evidence.
Soon after, he is discovered by several guards and is forced to defend himself before escaping.
The next morning, Han has the guards publicly killed by chief guard Bolo (Bolo Yeung) for failing him.
After the execution, Lee faces O'Hara in the competition and after an emotional battle ends up killing him.
With the day's fighting over, Han confronts Williams about the identity of the intruder and proceeds to beat him to death when he fails to answer.
Later, Han reveals the scale of his drug operation to Roper in the hope that he will join his organization.
Despite being initially convinced, Roper refuses after learning the fate of Williams.
Lee sneaks out again that night and manages to send a message to Braithwaite, but is finally captured after a protracted battle with the guards.
The next morning Han arranges for Roper to fight Lee, but Roper refuses.
As punishment, he is forced to fight Bolo instead but manages to overpower and kill him after a grueling encounter.
Enraged by the unexpected victory, Han commands his remaining men to kill Lee and Roper.
Facing insurmountable odds, they are soon aided by the island's prisoners, who have been now been freed by Mei Ling.
Lee finally confronts Han in a hidden mirror room and eventually kills him after breaking all the room's mirrors to reveal his location.
Lee returns to the battle which is now over, a bruised and bloodied Roper sits victorious while the military finally arrive to take control of the island.
<EOS>
The film begins with a simplified recap of the events of the first film.
Ash Williams and his girlfriend Linda take a romantic vacation to a seemingly abandoned cabin in the woods.
While in the cabin, Ash plays a tape of archaeologist Raymond Knowby, the cabin's previous inhabitant, reciting passages from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis (or Book of the Dead), which he has discovered during an archaeological dig.
The recorded incantation unleashes an evil force that kills and later possesses Linda, turning her into a "deadite".
Ash is then forced to decapitate his girlfriend with a shovel and bury her near the cabin.
The film then picks up where the first film left off, where a spirit is seen throwing Ash through the woods.
Ash briefly becomes possessed by the demon, but when day breaks the spirit is gone, and Ash returns to normal.
Ash finds little chance of safety, however, as the bridge leading to the cabin has been destroyed.
Linda's revived head attacks Ash, biting his hand.
Ash brings Linda's severed head to the shed, where her headless body attacks him with a chainsaw.
Ash gains the upper hand and slashes the relentless deadite Linda to death, killing her a second and final time.
Then Ash's possessed right hand tries to kill him, and Ash is forced to sever his hand with his chainsaw.
Ash then attempts to shoot the severed hand hiding in the wall of the cabin.
The hand mocks him and ultimately gets away.
While Ash deals with this force, Knowby's daughter, Annie, and her research partner, Ed Getley, return from the dig with more pages of the Necronomicon in tow, only to find the destroyed bridge.
They enlist the help of locals Jake and Bobby Joe to guide them along an alternate trail to the cabin.
The four of them find an embattled Ash, who is, seemingly, slowly being driven insane by the demon, such as hallucinating that the room comes to life with objects in the room laughing hysterically at him.
The four new arrivals meet Ash at the cabin and listen to a recording of Knowby detailing how his wife Henrietta was possessed by the Evil Force, forcing him to kill her.
They find mrs Knowby, now a deadite, in the cabin's root cellar, and it attacks and possesses Ed; Ash dismembers him with an axe.
Bobby Joe tries to escape but is attacked by the demon trees and dragged to her death.
Annie translates two of the pages before Jake turns on them and throws the pages into the cellar, holding them at gunpoint to force them to go look for Bobby Joe.
Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake.
Annie retreats to the cabin and accidentally stabs Jake (mistaking him for the demon) and drags him to the cellar door, where he is killed by Henrietta in a gory bloodbath.
Deadite Ash tries to kill Annie, but returns to his normal self when he sees his girlfriend Linda's necklace.
Ash, with Annie's help, modifies the chainsaw and attaches it to his stump, where his right hand had been.
Ash eventually finds the missing pages of the Necronomicon and kills Henrietta, who has turned into a long-necked monster.
After Ash kills Henrietta, Annie chants an incantation that sends the Evil Force back to its origin.
The incantation opens up a whirling temporal vortex/portal which not only draws in the evil force, but nearby trees, Ash's Oldsmobile Delta 88, and Ash himself.
Meanwhile, Ash's severed possessed hand stabs and kills Annie.
Ash and his Oldsmobile land in the year 1300 AD.
He is then confronted by a group of knights who initially mistake him for a deadite, but they are quickly distracted when a real one shows up.
Ash blasts the harpy-like deadite with his shotgun and is hailed as a hero who has come to save the realm, at which point he breaks down and screams in anguish.
<EOS>
On his thirtieth birthday, the chief cashier of a bank, Josef, is unexpectedly arrested by two unidentified agents from an unspecified agency for an unspecified crime.
The agents' boss later arrives and holds a mini-tribunal in the room of's neighbor, Fräulein Bürstner.
is not taken away, however, but left "free" and told to await instructions from the Committee of Affairs.
He goes to work, and that night apologizes to Fräulein Bürstner for the intrusion into her room.
At the end of the conversation he suddenly kisses her.
receives a phone call summoning him to court, and the coming Sunday is arranged as the date.
No time is set, but the address is given to him.
The address turns out to be a huge tenement building.
has to explore to find the court, which turns out to be in the attic.
The room is airless, shabby and crowded, and although he has no idea what he is charged with, or what authorizes the process, makes a long speech denigrating the whole process, including the agents who arrested him; during this speech an attendant's wife and a man engage in sexual activities.
then returns home.
later goes to visit the court again, although he has not been summoned, and finds that it is not in session.
He instead talks with the attendant's wife, who attempts to seduce him into taking her away, and who gives him more information about the process and offers to help him.
later goes with the attendant to a higher level of the attic where the shabby and airless offices of the court are housed.
returns home to find Fräulein Montag, a lodger from another room, moving in with Fräulein Bürstner.
He suspects that this is to prevent him from pursuing his affair with the latter woman.
Yet another lodger, Captain Lanz, appears to be in league with Montag.
Later, in a store room at his own bank, discovers the two agents who arrested him being whipped by a flogger for asking for bribes and as a result of complaints made at court.
tries to argue with the flogger, saying that the men need not be whipped, but the flogger cannot be swayed.
The next day he returns to the store room and is shocked to find everything as he had found it the day before, including the whipper and the two agents.
is visited by his uncle, who was's guardian.
The uncle seems distressed by's predicament.
At first sympathetic, he becomes concerned that is underestimating the seriousness of the case.
The uncle introduces to a lawyer, who is attended by Leni, a nurse, whom's uncle suspects is the advocate's mistress.
During the discussion it becomes clear how different this process is from regular legal proceedings: guilt is assumed, the bureaucracy running it is vast with many levels, and everything is secret, from the charge, to the rules of the court, to the authority behind the courts – even the identity of the judges at the higher levels.
The attorney tells him that he can prepare a brief for, but since the charge is unknown and the rules are unknown, it is difficult work.
It also never may be read, but is still very important.
The lawyer says that his most important task is to deal with powerful court officials behind the scenes.
As they talk, the lawyer reveals that the Chief Clerk of the Court has been sitting hidden in the darkness of a corner.
The Chief Clerk emerges to join the conversation, but is called away by Leni, who takes him to the next room, where she offers to help him and seduces him.
They have a sexual encounter.
Afterwards meets his uncle outside, who is angry, claiming that's lack of respect has hurt's case.
visits the lawyer several times.
The lawyer tells him incessantly how dire his situation is and tells many stories of other hopeless clients and of his behind-the-scenes efforts on behalf of these clients, and brags about his many connections.
The brief is never complete.
's work at the bank deteriorates as he is consumed with worry about his case.
is surprised by one of his bank clients, who tells that he is aware that is dealing with a trial.
The client learned of's case from Titorelli, a painter, who has dealings with the court and told the client about's case.
The client advises to go to Titorelli for advice.
Titorelli lives in the attic of a tenement in a suburb on the opposite side of town from the court that visited.
Three teenage girls taunt on the steps and tease him sexually.
Titorelli turns out to be an official painter of portraits for the court (an inherited position), and has a deep understanding of the process.
learns that, to Titorelli's knowledge, not a single defendant has ever been acquitted.
He sets out's options and offers to help with either.
The options are: obtain a provisional verdict of innocence from the lower court, which can be overturned at any time by higher levels of the court, which would lead to re-initiation of the process; or curry favor with the lower judges to keep the process moving at a glacial pace.
Titorelli has leave through a small back door, as the girls are blocking the door through which entered.
To's shock, the door opens into another warren of the court's offices – again shabby and airless.
decides to take control of matters himself and visits his lawyer with the intention of dismissing him.
At the lawyer's office he meets a downtrodden individual, Block, a client who offers some insight from a client's perspective.
Block's case has continued for five years and he has gone from being a successful businessman to being almost bankrupt and is virtually enslaved by his dependence on the lawyer and Leni, with whom he appears to be sexually involved.
The lawyer mocks Block in front of for his dog-like subservience.
This experience further poisons's opinion of his lawyer.
(This chapter was left unfinished by the author)  is asked by the bank to show an Italian client around local places of cultural interest, but the Italian client, short of time, asks to take him only to the cathedral, setting a time to meet there.
When the client does not show up, explores the cathedral, which is empty except for an old woman and a church official.
notices a priest who seems to be preparing to give a sermon from a small second pulpit, and begins to leave, lest it begin and be compelled to stay for its entirety.
Instead of giving a sermon, the priest calls out's name.
approaches the pulpit and the priest berates him for his attitude toward the trial and for seeking help, especially from women.
asks him to come down and the two men walk inside the cathedral.
The priest works for the court as a chaplain and tells a fable (which was published earlier as "Before the Law") that is meant to explain his situation.
and the priest discuss the parable.
The priest tells that the parable is an ancient text of the court, and many generations of court officials have interpreted it differently.
On the eve of's thirty-first birthday, two men arrive at his apartment.
He has been waiting for them, and he offers little resistance – indeed the two men take direction from as they walk through town.
leads them to a quarry where the two men place K's head on a discarded block.
One of the men produces a double-edged butcher knife, and as the two men pass it back and forth between them, the narrator tells us that "K.
knew then precisely, that it would have been his duty to take the knife.
and thrust it into himself".
He does not take the knife.
One of the men holds his shoulder and pulls him up and the other man stabs him in the heart and twists the knife twice.
's last words are: "Like a dog.
".
<EOS>
One day, Gregor Samsa, a traveling salesman, wakes up to find himself transformed into a giant insect (the most common translation of the German description ungeheur Ungeziefer, literally "monstrous vermin").
He reflects on how dreary life as a traveling salesman is.
As he looks at the wall clock, he notices that he has overslept and missed his train for work.
He ponders the consequences of this delay.
Gregor becomes annoyed at how his boss never accepts excuses or explanations from any of his employees no matter how hard-working they are, displaying an apparent lack of trusting abilities.
Gregor's mother knocks on the door, and he answers her.
She is concerned for Gregor because he is late for work, which is unorthodox for him.
Gregor answers his mother and realizes that his voice has changed, but his answer is short, so his mother does not notice.
His sister, Grete, to whom he is very close, then whispers through the door and begs him to open it.
He tries to get out of bed but is incapable of moving his body.
While trying to move, he finds that his office manager, the chief clerk, has shown up to check on him.
He finally rocks his body to the floor and calls out that he will open the door shortly.
Offended by Gregor's delayed response in opening the door, the clerk warns him of the consequences of missing work.
He adds that Gregor's recent performance has been unsatisfactory.
Gregor disagrees and tells him that he will open the door shortly.
Nobody on the other side of the door has understood a single word he had uttered as Gregor's voice has also transformed, and they conclude that he is seriously ill.
Finally, Gregor manages to unlock and open the door with his mouth.
He apologizes to the office manager for the delay.
Horrified by Gregor's appearance, his mother faints, and the manager bolts out of the apartment.
Gregor tries to catch up with him, but his father drives him back into the bedroom with a cane and a rolled newspaper.
Gregor injures himself squeezing back through the doorway, and his father slams the door shut.
Gregor, exhausted, falls asleep.
Gregor awakens and sees that someone has put milk and bread in his room.
Initially excited, he quickly discovers that he has no taste for milk, once one of his favorites.
He settles himself under a couch.
The next morning, his sister comes in, sees that he has not touched the milk, and replaces it with rotting food scraps, which Gregor happily eats.
This begins a routine in which his sister feeds him and cleans up while he hides under the couch, afraid that his appearance will frighten her.
Gregor spends his time listening through the wall to his family members talking.
They often discuss the difficult financial situation they find themselves in now that Gregor can't provide for them.
Gregor had plans of sending Grete to the conservatory to pursue violin lessons, something everyone else – including Grete – considered a dream.
His incapability of providing for his family, coupled with his speechlessness, reduces his thought process greatly.
Gregor also learns that his mother wants to visit him, but his sister and father will not let her.
Gregor grows more comfortable with his changed body.
He begins climbing the walls and ceiling for amusement.
Discovering Gregor's new pastime, Grete decides to remove some of the furniture to give Gregor more space.
She and her mother begin taking furniture away, but Gregor finds their actions deeply distressing.
He tries to save a picture on the wall of a woman wearing a fur hat, fur scarf, and fur muff.
Gregor's mother sees him hanging on the wall and passes out.
Grete angrily calls out to Gregor – the first time anyone has spoken directly to him since his transformation.
Gregor runs out of the room and into the kitchen.
He encounters his father, who has just returned home from work.
The father throws apples at Gregor, and one of them sinks into a sensitive spot in his back and remains lodged there, paralyzing his movements for a month and damaging him permanently.
Gregor manages to get back into his bedroom but is severely injured.
One evening, the cleaning lady leaves Gregor's door open while three boarders, whom the family has taken on for additional income, lounge about the living room.
Grete has been asked to play the violin for them, and Gregor – who usually takes care to avoid crossing paths with anyone in the flat – creeps out of his bedroom to listen in the midst of his depression and resultant detachment.
The boarders, who initially seemed interested in Grete, grow bored with her performance, but Gregor is transfixed by it.
One of the boarders spots Gregor, and the rest become alarmed.
Gregor's father tries to shove the boarders back into their rooms, but the three men protest and announce that they will move out immediately without paying rent because of the disgusting conditions in the apartment.
Grete, who has by now become tired of taking care of Gregor and is realizing the burden his existence puts on each one in the family, tells her parents they must get rid of Gregor, or they will all be ruined.
Her father agrees, wishing Gregor could understand them and would leave of his own accord.
Gregor does, in fact, understand and slowly moves back to the bedroom.
There, determined to rid his family of his presence, Gregor dies.
Upon discovering Gregor is dead, the family feels a great sense of relief.
The father kicks out the boarders and decides to fire the cleaning lady, who has disposed of Gregor's body.
The family takes a trolley ride out to the countryside, during which they consider their finances.
They decide to move to a smaller apartment to further save money, an act they were unable to carry out in Gregor's presence.
During this short trip, mr and mrs Samsa realize that, in spite of going through hardships which have brought an amount of paleness to her face, Grete appears to have grown up into a pretty and well-figured lady, which leads her parents to think about finding her a husband.
<EOS>
Fahrenheit 451 is set in an unspecified city (likely in the American Midwest) at an unspecified time in the future after the year 1960.
The novel is divided into three parts: "The Hearth and the Salamander", "The Sieve and the Sand", and "Burning Bright".
Guy Montag is a "fireman" employed to burn the possessions of those who read outlawed books.
He is married and has no children.
One fall night while returning from work, he meets his new neighbor, a teenage girl named Clarisse McClellan, whose free-thinking ideals and liberating spirit cause him to question his life and his own perceived happiness.
Montag returns home to find that his wife Mildred has overdosed on sleeping pills, and he calls for medical attention.
Mildred survives with no memory of what happened.
Over the next days, Clarisse faithfully meets Montag as he walks home.
She tells him about how her interests have made her an outcast at school.
Montag looks forward to these meetings, and just as he begins to expect them, Clarisse goes absent.
He senses something is wrong.
In the following days, while at work with the other firemen ransacking the book-filled house of an old woman before the inevitable burning, Montag steals a book before any of his coworkers notice.
The woman refuses to leave her house and her books, choosing instead to light a match and burn herself alive.
Montag returns home jarred by the woman's suicide.
While getting ready for bed, he hides the stolen book under his pillow.
Still shaken by the night's events, he attempts to make conversation with Mildred, conversation that only causes him to realize how little he knows her and how little they have in common.
Montag asks his wife if she has seen Clarisse recently.
Mildred mutters that she believes Clarisse died after getting struck by a speeding car and that her family has moved away.
Dismayed by her failure to mention this earlier, Montag uneasily tries to fall asleep.
Outside he suspects the presence of "The Hound", an eight-legged robotic dog-like creature that resides in the firehouse and aids the firemen.
Montag awakens ill the next morning and stays home from work.
He relates the story of the burned woman to an apathetic Mildred and mentions perhaps quitting his work.
The possibility of becoming destitute from the loss of income provokes a strong reaction from her, and she says the woman herself was to blame because she had books.
Captain Beatty, Montag's fire chief, personally visits Montag to see how he is doing.
Sensing Montag's concerns, Beatty recounts how books lost their value and where the firemen fit in: over the course of several decades, people embraced new media, sports, and a quickening pace of life.
Books were ruthlessly abridged or degraded to accommodate a short attention span while minority groups protested over the controversial, outdated content perceived to be found in books.
The government took advantage of this, and the firemen were soon hired to burn books in the name of public happiness.
Beatty adds casually that all firemen eventually steal a book out of curiosity; if the book is burned within 24 hours, the fireman and his family will not get in trouble.
After Beatty has left, Montag reveals to Mildred that over the last year he has accumulated a stash of books that he has kept hidden in their air-conditioning duct.
In a panic, Mildred grabs a book and rushes to throw it in their kitchen incinerator; Montag subdues her and tells her that the two of them are going to read the books to see if they have value.
If they do not, he promises the books will be burned, and all will return to normal.
While Montag and Mildred are perusing the stolen books, a sniffing occurs at their front door.
Montag recognizes it as The Hound while Mildred passes it off as a random dog.
They resume their discussion once the sound ceases.
Montag laments Mildred's suicide attempt, the woman who burned herself, and the constant din of bombers flying over their house taking part in a looming war neither he, nor anybody else, knows much about.
He states that maybe the books of the past have messages that can save society from its own destruction.
The conversation is interrupted by a call from Mildred's friend, mrs Bowles, and they set up a date to watch the "parlor walls" (large televisions lining the walls of her living room) that night at Mildred's house.
Montag, meanwhile, concedes that he will need help to understand the books.
Montag remembers an old man named Faber he once met in a park a year ago, an English professor before books were banned.
He telephones Faber with questions about books, and Faber soon hangs up on him.
Undeterred, Montag makes a subway trip to Faber's home along with a rare copy of the Bible, the book he stole at the woman's house.
Montag forces the scared and reluctant Faber into helping him by methodically ripping pages from the Bible.
Faber concedes and gives Montag a homemade ear-piece communicator so he can offer constant guidance.
After Montag returns home, Mildred's friends, mrs Bowles and mrs Phelps, arrive to watch the "parlor walls".
Not interested in this insipid entertainment, Montag turns off the walls and tries to engage the women in meaningful conversation, only to find them indifferent to all but the most trivial aspects of the upcoming war, friends' deaths, their families, and politics.
Montag leaves momentarily and returns with a book of poetry.
This confuses the women and alarms Faber, who is listening remotely.
Montag proceeds to recite the poem Dover Beach, causing mrs Phelps to cry.
At the behest of Faber in the ear-piece, Montag burns the book.
Mildred's friends leave in disgust, while Mildred locks herself in the bathroom and takes more sleeping pills.
In the aftermath of the parlor party, Montag hides his books in his backyard before returning to the firehouse late at night with just the stolen Bible.
He finds Beatty playing cards with the other firemen.
Montag hands Beatty a book to cover for the one he believes Beatty knows he stole the night before, which is unceremoniously tossed into the trash.
Beatty tells Montag that he had a dream in which they fought endlessly by quoting books to each other.
In describing the dream Beatty reveals that, despite his disillusionment, he was once an enthusiastic reader.
A fire alarm sounds, and Beatty picks up the address from the dispatcher system.
They drive in the firetruck recklessly to the destination.
Montag is stunned when the truck arrives at his house.
Beatty orders Montag to destroy his own house, telling him it was Mildred and her friends who reported him.
Montag tries to talk to Mildred as she quickly leaves the house.
She ignores him, gets into a taxi, and vanishes down the street.
Montag obeys the chief, destroying the home piece by piece with a flamethrower.
As soon as he has incinerated the house, Beatty discovers Montag's ear-piece and plans to hunt down Faber.
Montag threatens Beatty with the flamethrower and (after Beatty taunts him) burns his boss alive, and knocks his coworkers unconscious.
As Montag escapes the scene, the firehouse's mechanical dog attacks him, managing to inject his leg with a tranquilizer.
He destroys The Hound with the flamethrower and limps away.
Montag runs through the city streets towards Faber's house.
Faber urges him to make his way to the countryside and contact the exiled book-lovers who live there.
He mentions he will be leaving on an early bus heading to st Louis and that he and Montag can rendezvous there later.
On Faber's television, they watch news reports of another mechanical hound being released, with news helicopters following it to create a public spectacle.
Montag leaves Faber's house.
After an extended manhunt, he escapes by wading into a river and floating downstream.
Montag leaves the river in the countryside, where he meets the exiled drifters, led by a man named Granger.
They have each memorized books for an upcoming time when society is ready to rediscover them.
While learning the philosophy of the exiles, Montag and the group watch helplessly as bombers fly overhead and attack the city with nuclear weapons, completely annihilating it.
While Faber would have left on the early bus, Mildred along with everyone else in the city was surely killed.
Montag and the group are injured and dirtied, but manage to survive the shock wave.
The following morning, Granger teaches Montag and the others about the legendary phoenix and its endless cycle of long life, death in flames, and rebirth.
He adds that the phoenix must have some relationship to mankind, which constantly repeats its mistakes.
Granger emphasizes that man has something the phoenix does not: mankind can remember the mistakes it made before destroying itself and try to not make them again.
Granger then muses that a large factory of mirrors should be built, so that mankind can take a long look at itself.
When the meal is over, the band goes back toward the city, to help rebuild society.
<EOS>
While taking a business trip, architect Max Klein (Jeff Bridges) survives a crash of a flight headed from San Francisco to Houston.
As the plane descends, Max inexplicably becomes at peace when he accepts he is going to die.
The revelation inspires him to comfort many of the fearful passengers, even moving to sit next to Byron Hummel (Daniel Cerny), a young boy flying alone.
The psychological trauma of the experience transforms his personality and he enters an altered state of consciousness, rethinking his life and becoming preoccupied with the eternal meanings and the existential questions of life and death itself.
Max's reaction to this awakening itself questions the reality of what is real and unreal and what his mind perceives as real through his interaction with others and the chance of living again in everyday life.
Immediately after the crash, Max, one of the plane's few survivors, rents a car and drives from the crash site in Bakersfield to Los Angeles, stopping on the way to visit his old high school sweetheart, Alison (Debra Monk), whom he hasn't seen in 20 years.
During their meal at a restaurant Alison notices Max eating a strawberry and inquires about his allergy to them.
Max grins and explains he's "gotten past" his allergic reaction and somehow, confidently finishes it with no problems.
He's tracked down at a hotel room the next morning byBI.
agents who question his odd choice to not contact his wife and family or remain at the crash site with the other survivors.
The airline sends a representative who compensates him with train tickets to go home to San Francisco.
Max declines the tickets, stating adamantly that he wants to fly home and has no fear of air travel anymore.
On the flight he meets dr Bill Perlman (John Turturro), an airline-contracted psychiatrist who offers to counsel Max for post-traumatic stress disorder.
dr Perlman accompanies Max back to his home where his wife Laura (Isabella Rossellini) begins noticing his strange behavior.
Max matter-of-factly tells Nan Gordon (Deirdre O'Connell), the wife of his friend and business partner, that her husband Jeff (John de Lancie) died in the crash.
The media dubs Max "The Good Samaritan" and tries to interview him as Byron comes to publicly thank him for the way he comforted the passengers during the crash, but Max avoids making a statement.
Over time Max becomes distant from Laura and his son Jonah (Spencer Vrooman) because of his preoccupation with his near death experience.
He begins drawing abstract pictures of the crash and his sense of a hole opening in the sky before him.
He comes to think of himself as invulnerable to death causing dr Perlman to become concerned that Max is delusional.
Perlman encourages Max to meet with another survivor, Carla Rodrigo (Rosie Perez), in the hope that the two can help support one another.
Carla, who lost her baby son in the crash, struggles with survivor's guilt, punishing herself for not holding onto him tightly enough when his seat belt on the plane malfunctioned.
Max and Carla bond and develop a close friendship as he helps her to get past her depression and free herself from her guilt.
Max, Laura and Nan meet with attorney Steven Brillstein (Tom Hulce), who encourages Max to exaggerate his testimony in order to increase Nan's compensation settlement offer from the airline.
Max states his discomfort with lying but reluctantly agrees when he considers Nan's financial predicament as a widow.
The unease of lying causes Max to have a panic attack and he runs out of the office to the roof of the building where he climbs onto the ledge.
As Max stands on the ledge, looking down at the streets below, his panic attack subsides and he rejoices in his fearlessness.
Laura follows Max onto the roof and upon finding him, blindly spinning around on the ledge with his overcoat billowing across his face, she believes him to be suicidal.
Eventually Max's increasingly dramatic attempts (culminating with an intentional car crash into a brick wall) at pushing the boundaries between life and death succeed in jolting Carla from her uncertain state.
Afterwards, Carla meets with Laura and the two clarify the misunderstanding that she and Max are past a co-dependency state and are in fact, in love with each other.
Moreover, Carla explains that she regards Max as he sees himself - an angel - and Laura now understands their shared delusion.
However, after Carla reluctantly parts company with Max, he remains aloof in his relationship with his wife and son, struggling to come to terms with his implied immortality.
One night, Brillstein arrives at the Klein home to celebrate the pending settlement offer, and brings a basket with an assortment of fruits.
Max eats one of the strawberries but, unlike at the restaurant, this time he experiences an immediate allergic reaction and suffocates.
As he lies choking, Max goes into a state of vision where he sees various flashbacks and starts toward the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel (in the guise of an aisle in the airplane fuselage) as Laura's voice is overheard repeatedly "calling him back" to the world.
Max accepts the reality of his imminent death when suddenly he's resuscitated by Laura.
He survives and (it's implied) recovers his emotional connection to his family, to the world and to the reality of yet another chance at life.
<EOS>
The first two formants are important in determining the quality of vowels, and are frequently said to correspond to the open/close and front/back dimensions (which have traditionally, though not entirely accurately, been associated with the shape and position of the tongue).
Thus the first formant F has a higher frequency for an open vowel (such as ) and a lower frequency for a close vowel (such as or ); and the second formant F has a higher frequency for a front vowel (such as ) and a lower frequency for a back vowel (such as ).
as can be seen in Fig.
1.
Vowels will almost always have four or more distinguishable formants; sometimes there are more than six.
However, the first two formants are most important in determining vowel quality, and this is often displayed in terms of a plot of the first formant against the second formant, though this is not sufficient to capture some aspects of vowel quality, such as rounding.
An example of how the vowels of a language or dialect may be plotted on a traditional auditory vowel chart and also on a formant plot may be seen in the case of Norwegian.
Many writers have addressed the problem of finding an optimal alignment of the positions of vowels on formant plots with those on the conventional vowel quadrilateral.
The pioneering work of Ladefoged used the Mel scale because this scale was claimed to correspond more closely to the auditory scale of pitch than to the acoustic measure of fundamental frequency expressed in Hertz as in Fig.
1.
Two alternatives to the Mel scale are the Bark scale and the ERB-rate scale.
A comparison of these three scales is shown by Hayward,&nbsp;141, and formant plots based on the Hertz scale and on the Bark scale are compared on&nbsp;153.
Another strategy for improving formant plots that has been widely adopted is to plot on the horizontal axis not the value of F2 but the difference between F1 and F2 for a given vowel.
<EOS>
In the village of Flåklypa, Lom, Gudbrand Valley (En.
Pinchcliffe), the inventor Reodor Felgen (En.
Theodore Rimspoke) lives with his animal friends Ludvig (En.
Lambert) (a nervous, pessimistic and melancholic hedgehog) and Solan (En.
Sonny Duckworth) (a cheerful and optimistic magpie).
Reodor works as a bicycle repairman, though he spends most of his time inventing weird Rube Goldberg-like contraptions.
One day, the trio discover that one of Reodor's former assistants, Rudolf Blodstrupmoen (En.
Rudolph Gore-Slimey), has stolen his design for a race car engine and has become a world champion Formula One driver.
Solan secures funding from Arab oil sheik Ben Redic Fy Fazan (En.
Abdul Ben Bonanza), who happens to be vacationing in Flåklypa, and to enter the race, the trio builds a gigantic racing car: Il Tempo Gigante—a fabulous construction with two extremely big engines (weighing 28 tons alone and making the seismometer in Bergen show 78 Richter when started the first time), a body made out of copper, a spinning radar (that turns out to be useful when Blodstrupmoen starts engaging in smoke warfare during the race) and its own blood bank.
Reodor ends up winning despite Blodstrupmoen's attempts at sabotage.
<EOS>
The film follows the adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles, a good-natured but socially awkward man living in London, who becomes smitten with Carrie, an American whom Charles keeps meeting at four weddings and a funeral.
The first wedding is that of Angus and Laura, at which Charles is the best man.
Charles and his single friends wonder whether they will ever get married.
Charles meets Carrie and spends the night with her.
Carrie pretends that, now they have slept together, they will have to get married, to which Charles endeavours to respond before realising she is joking.
Carrie observes that they may have missed an opportunity and then returns to America.
The second wedding is that of Bernard and Lydia, a couple who became romantically involved at the previous wedding.
Charles encounters Carrie again, but she introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks, a wealthy politician.
At the reception, Charles finds himself seated with several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his inability to be discreet and afterwards bumps into Henrietta, known among Charles' friends as "Duckface", with whom he had a particularly difficult relationship.
Charles retreats to an empty hotel suite, seeing Carrie and Hamish leave in a taxicab, only to be trapped in a cupboard after the newlyweds stumble into the room to have sex.
After Charles awkwardly exits the room, Henrietta confronts him about his habit of "serial monogamy", telling him he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him.
Charles then runs into Carrie, and they end up spending another night together.
A month later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie's wedding.
While shopping for a present, he coincidentally encounters Carrie and ends up helping her select her wedding dress.
Carrie lists her more than thirty sexual partners.
Charles later awkwardly tries confessing his love to her and hinting that he would like to have a relationship with her, to no avail.
The third wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish.
Charles attends, depressed at the prospect of Carrie marrying Hamish.
At the reception, Gareth instructs his friends to seek potential mates; Fiona's brother, Tom, stumbles through an attempt to connect with a woman until she reveals that she is the minister's wife, while Charles's flatmate, Scarlett, strikes up a conversation with an American named Chester.
As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance, Fiona deduces his feelings about Carrie.
When Charles asks why Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has loved Charles since they first met years earlier.
Charles is appreciative and empathetic but does not requite her love.
During the groom's toast, Gareth dies of a heart attack.
At Gareth's funeral, his partner Matthew recites the poem "Funeral Blues" by Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth.
Charles and Tom discuss whether hoping to find your "one true love" is just a futile effort and ponder that, while their clique have always viewed themselves as proud to be single, Gareth and Matthew were a "married" couple all the while.
The fourth wedding is ten months later.
Charles has decided to marry Henrietta.
However, shortly before the ceremony, Carrie arrives, revealing to Charles that she and Hamish are separated.
Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf brother David and Matthew.
When the vicar asks whether anyone knows a reason why the couple should not marry, David, who was reading the vicar's lips, asks Charles to translate for him, and says in sign language that he suspects the groom loves someone else.
The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else, and Charles replies, "I do".
Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is halted.
Carrie visits Charles to apologise for attending the wedding.
Charles confesses that, while standing at the altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally and utterly loved one person, "and it wasn't the person standing next to me in the veil".
Charles makes a proposal of lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, who accepts.
Henrietta marries an officer in the Grenadier Guards; David marries his girlfriend Serena; Scarlett marries Chester; Tom marries his distant cousin Deirdre (whom he met, for the second time in 25 years, at Charles's wedding); Matthew finds a new partner; Fiona marries Prince Charles; and Charles and Carrie have a young son.
<EOS>
In 2065, Earth is infested by alien life forms known as Phantoms.
By physical contact Phantoms consume the Gaia spirit of living beings, killing them instantly, though a minor contact may only result in an infection.
The surviving humans live in "barrier cities", areas protected by an energy shield that prevents Phantoms from entering, and are engaged in an ongoing struggle to free the planet.
After being infected by a Phantom during one of her experiments, Aki Ross (Ming-Na) and her mentor, Doctor Sid (Donald Sutherland), uncover a means of defeating the Phantoms by gathering eight spirit signatures that, when joined, can negate the Phantoms.
Aki is searching for the sixth spirit in the ruins of New York City when she is cornered by Phantoms but is rescued by Gray Edwards (Alec Baldwin) and his squad "Deep Eyes", consisting of Ryan Whittaker (Ving Rhames), Neil Fleming (Steve Buscemi) and Jane Proudfoot (Peri Gilpin).
It is revealed that Gray was once romantically involved with Aki.
Upon returning to her barrier city, Aki joins Sid and appears before the leadership council along with General Hein (James Woods), who is determined to use the powerful Zeus space cannon to destroy the Phantoms.
Aki is concerned the cannon will damage Earth's Gaia (a spirit representing its ecosystem) and delays the use of it by revealing that she has been infected and the collected spirit signatures are keeping her infection stable, convincing the council that there may be another way to defeat the Phantoms.
However, this revelation leads Hein to incorrectly conclude that she is being controlled by the Phantoms.
Aki and the Deep Eyes squad succeed in finding the seventh spirit as Aki's infection begins to worsen and she slips into unconsciousness.
Her dream reveals to her that the Phantoms are the spirits of dead aliens brought to Earth on a fragment of their destroyed planet.
Sid uses the seventh spirit to bring Aki's infection back under control, reviving her.
To scare the council into giving him clearance to fire the Zeus cannon, Hein lowers part of the barrier shield protecting the city.
Though Hein intended that only a few Phantoms enter, his plan goes awry and legions of Phantoms invade the entire city.
Aki, Sid and the Deep Eyes attempt to reach Aki's spaceship, their means of escape, but Ryan, Neil and Jane are killed by Phantoms.
Hein escapes and boards the Zeus space-station where he finally receives authorisation to fire the cannon.
Sid finds the eighth spirit at the crater site of the alien asteroid's impact on Earth.
He lowers a shielded vehicle, with Aki and Gray aboard, into the crater to locate the final spirit.
Just before they can reach it, Hein fires the Zeus cannon into the crater, not only destroying the eighth spirit but also revealing the Phantom Gaia.
Aki has a vision of the Phantom home planet, where she is able to receive the eighth spirit from the alien particles in herself.
When Aki awakens, she and Gray combine it with the other seven.
Hein continues to fire the Zeus cannon despite overheating warnings and unintentionally destroys the cannon and himself.
Gray sacrifices himself as a medium needed to physically transmit the completed spirit into the alien Gaia.
The Earth's Gaia is returned to normal as the Phantoms ascend into space, finally at peace.
Aki is pulled from the crater holding Gray's body, and is seen looking into the newly liberated world.
<EOS>
The series is set in the fictitious late 19th-century Western town of Four Feather Falls, Kansas, and features the adventures of its sheriff, Tex Tucker.
In the first episode, Grandpa Twink relates the story of how it all began to grandson, Little Jake.
Tex is riding up from the valley and comes across a lost and hungry Indian boy, Makooya and saves him.
Tex is given four magic feathers by the boy's grandfather, chief Kalamakooya, as a reward for saving his grandson.
Two of the feathers allow his guns to swivel and fire automatically (often while Tex's hands are raised), and the other two allow his horse, Rocky, and his dog, Dusty, to speak.
As Tex, his horse, and dog are very thirsty, Kalamakooya also makes a waterfall where there had been no water before, and so when the town was built it was named after Tex's feathers and the waterfall.
The characters of the town are Grandpa Twink, who does little but rest in a chair; his grandson Little Jake, the only child in town; Ma Jones, who runs the town store; Doc Haggerty; Slim Jim, the bartender of the Denison saloon; Marvin Jackson, the bank manager; and Dan Morse, the telegraphist.
Other characters appeared from time to time for only one episode, often just visiting town.
The villains included Pedro, who was introduced in the first show and Fernando, who first appeared in the second episode as a sidekick and someone Pedro could blame when things went wrong, as they always did.
Big Ben was another villain who appeared from time to time, as did Red Scalp, a renegade Indian.
Other villains only appeared in single episodes.
<EOS>
Two girls, Agnes and Elin, attend school in the small town of Åmål in Sweden.
Elin is outgoing and popular but finds her life unsatisfying and dull.
Agnes, by contrast, has no real friends and is constantly depressed.
Agnes is in love with Elin but cannot find any way to express it.
Agnes' parents worry about their daughter's reclusive life and try to be reassuring.
Her mother decides, against Agnes' will, to throw a 16th birthday party for her.
Agnes is afraid no one will come.
Viktoria, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are friends only because no one else will talk to them.
Agnes, overcome with anger and depression, goes to her room and cries into her pillow shouting that she wishes she were dead, while her father tries to soothe her.
Viktoria leaves and Agnes' family eats the food made for the party.
Elin arrives at Agnes' house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to another party, where there will be a boy (Johan, played by Mathias Rust) she wants to avoid.
Elin's older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian.
Elin fulfills the dare and then runs out with Jessica, only to soon feel guilty for having humiliated Agnes.
After becoming drunk at the other party, Elin gets sick and throws up.
Johan tries to help her and ends up professing his love to her.
Elin leaves Johan and the party, only to return to Agnes' house to apologize for how she acted earlier.
In doing so, Elin stops Agnes from cutting herself.
She even manages to persuade Agnes to return with her to the other party.
On the way, Elin shares her real feelings about being trapped in Åmål.
She asks Agnes about being a lesbian and believes that their problems could be solved by leaving Åmål and going to Stockholm.
On impulse, Elin persuades Agnes to hitchhike to Stockholm, which is a five-hour journey by car.
They find a driver who agrees to take them, believing them to be sisters who are visiting their grandmother.
While sitting in the back seat, they have their first real kiss.
The driver sees them and, shocked at the behaviour of the two 'sisters', orders them to leave the car.
Elin discovers that she is attracted to Agnes but is afraid to admit it.
She proceeds to ignore Agnes and refuses to talk to her.
Elin's sister Jessica sees that she is in love and pushes her to figure out who it is.
To cover the fact that she is in love with Agnes, Elin lies, pretending to be in love with Johan, and loses her virginity during a short-lived relationship with him.
Elin eventually admits her feelings, when, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they are forced to 'out' their relationship to the school.
The film ends with Elin and Agnes sitting in Elin's bedroom drinking chocolate milk.
Elin explains that she often adds too much chocolate until her milk is nearly black.
She must fill another glass with milk and mix it and that her sister Jessica often gets mad that she finishes the chocolate.
Elin has the last word saying "It makes a lot of chocolate milk.
But that doesn't matter".
<EOS>
On the soon-to-be demolished stage of the Weismann Theatre, a reunion is being held to honor the Weismann's "Follies" shows past, and the beautiful chorus girls who performed there every year between the two world wars.
The once resplendent theatre is now little but planks and scaffolding (Prologue/Overture).
As the ghosts of the young showgirls slowly drift through the theatre, a majordomo enters with his entourage of waiters and waitresses.
They pass through the spectral showgirls without seeing them.
Sally Durant Plummer, "blond, petite, sweet-faced" and at 49 "still remarkably like the girl she was thirty years ago", a former Weismann girl is the first guest to arrive; her ghostly youthful counterpart moves towards her.
Phyllis Rogers Stone, a stylish and elegant woman, also arrives with her husband Ben, a renowned philanthropist and politician.
As their younger counterparts approach them, Phyllis comments to Ben about their past.
He feigns disinterest; there is an underlying tension in their relationship.
As more guests arrive, Sally’s husband, Buddy, enters.
He is a salesman, in his early 50s, appealing and lively, whose smiles cover inner disappointment.
Finally, Weismann enters to greet his guests.
Roscoe, the old master of ceremonies, introduces the former showgirls ("Beautiful Girls").
Former Weismann performers at the reunion include Max and Stella Deems, who lost their radio jobs and became store owners in Miami; Solange La Fitte, a coquette, who is vibrant and flirtatious even at 66; Hattie Walker, who has outlived five younger husbands; Vincent and Vanessa, former dancers who now own an Arthur Murray franchise; Heidi Schiller, for whom Franz Lehár once wrote a waltz (or was it Oscar Straus.
Facts never interest her; what matters is the song.
); and Carlotta Campion, a film star who has embraced life and benefited from every experience.
As the guests reminisce, the stories of Ben, Phyllis, Buddy and Sally unfold.
Phyllis and Sally were roommates while in the Follies, and Ben and Buddy were best friends at school in New York.
When Sally sees Ben, her former lover, she greets him self-consciously ("Don't Look at Me").
Buddy and Phyllis join their spouses and the foursome reminisces about the old days of their courtship and the theatre, their memories vividly coming to life in the apparitions of their young counterparts ("Waiting For The Girls Upstairs").
Each of the four is shaken at the realization of how life has changed them.
Elsewhere, Willy Wheeler (portly, in his sixties) cartwheels for a photographer.
Emily and Theodore Whitman, ex-vaudevillians in their seventies, perform an old routine ("The Rain on the Roof").
Solange proves she is still fashionable at what she claims is 66 ("Ah, Paris.
"), and Hattie Walker performs her old showstopping number ("Broadway Baby").
Buddy warns Phyllis that Sally is still in love with Ben, and she is shaken by how the past threatens to repeat itself.
Sally is awed by Ben’s apparently glamorous life, but Ben wonders if he made the right choices and considers how things might have been ("The Road You Didn't Take").
Sally tells Ben how her days have been spent with Buddy, trying to convince him (and herself) ("In Buddy’s Eyes").
But it is clear that Sally is still in love with Ben – even though their affair ended badly when Ben decided to marry Phyllis.
She shakes loose from the memory and begins to dance with Ben, who is touched by the memory of the Sally he once cast aside.
Phyllis interrupts this tender moment and has a biting encounter with Sally.
Before she has a chance to really let loose, they are both called on to participate in another performance – Stella Deems and the ex-chorines line up to perform an old number ("Who's That Woman.
"), as they are mirrored by their younger selves.
Afterward, Phyllis and Ben angrily discuss their lives and relationship, which has become numb and emotionless.
Sally is bitter and has never been happy with Buddy, although he has always adored her.
She accuses him of having affairs while he is on the road, and he admits he has a steady girlfriend, Margie, in another town, but always returns home.
Carlotta amuses a throng of admirers with a tale of how her dramatic solo was cut from the Follies because the audience found it humorous, transforming it as she sings it into a toast to her own hard-won survival ("I'm Still Here").
Ben confides to Sally that his life is empty.
She yearns for him to hold her, but young Sally slips between them and the three move together ("Too Many Mornings").
Ben, caught in the passion of memories, kisses Sally as Buddy watches from the shadows.
Sally thinks this is a sign that the two will finally get married, and Ben is about to protest until Sally interrupts him with a kiss and runs off to gather her things, thinking that the two will leave together.
Buddy leaves the shadows furious, and fantasizes about the girl he should have married, Margie, who loves him and makes him feel like "a somebody", but bitterly concludes he does not love her back ("The Right Girl").
He tells Sally that he's done, but she is lost in a fantasy world, and tells him that Ben has asked her to marry him.
Buddy tells her she must be either crazy or drunk, but he's already supported Sally through rehab clinics and mental hospitals and cannot take any more.
Ben drunkenly propositions Carlotta, with whom he once had a fling, but she has a young lover and coolly turns him down.
Heidi Schiller, joined by her younger counterpart, performs "One More Kiss", her aged voice a stark contrast to the sparkling coloratura of her younger self.
Phyllis kisses a waiter and confesses to him that she had always wanted a son.
She then tells Ben that their marriage can't continue the way it has been.
Ben replies by saying that he wants a divorce, and Phyllis assumes the request is due to his love for Sally.
Ben denies this, but still wants Phyllis out.
Angry and hurt, Phyllis considers whether to grant his request ("Could I Leave You.
").
Phyllis begins wondering at her younger self, who worked so hard to become the socialite that Ben needed.
Ben yells at his younger self for not appreciating all the work that Phyllis did.
Both Buddys enter to confront the Bens about how they stole Sally.
Sally and her younger self enter and Ben firmly tells Sally that he never loved her.
All the voices begin speaking and yelling at each other.
Suddenly, at the peak of madness and confusion, the couples are engulfed by their follies, which transform the rundown theatre into a fantastical "Loveland", an extravaganza even more grand and opulent than the gaudiest Weismann confection: "the place where lovers are always young and beautiful, and everyone lives only for love".
Sally, Phyllis, Ben and Buddy show their "real and emotional lives" in "a sort of group nervous breakdown".
What follows is a series of musical numbers performed by the principal characters, each exploring their biggest desires.
The two younger couples sing in counterpoint of their hopes for the future ("You're Gonna Love Tomorrow/Love Will See Us Through").
Buddy then appears, dressed in "plaid baggy pants, garish jacket and a shiny derby hat", and performs a high-energy vaudeville routine depicting how he is caught between his love for Sally and Margie's love for him.
("The God-Why-Don't-You-Love-Me Blues").
Sally appears next, dressed as a torch singer, singing of her passion for Ben from the past- and her obsession with him now ("Losing My Mind").
In a jazzy dance number, accompanied by a squadron of chorus boys, Phyllis reflects on the two sides of her personality, one naive and passionate and the other jaded and sophisticated and her desire to combine them ("The Story of Lucy and Jessie").
Resplendent in top hat and tails, Ben begins to offer his devil-may-care philosophy ("Live, Laugh, Love"), but stumbles and anxiously calls to the conductor for the lyrics, as he frantically tries to keep going.
Ben becomes frenzied, while the dancing ensemble continues as if nothing was wrong.
Amidst a deafening discord, Ben screams at all the figures from his past and collapses as he cries out for Phyllis.
"Loveland" has dissolved back into the reality of the crumbling and half-demolished theatre; dawn is approaching.
Ben admits to Phyllis his admiration for her, and Phyllis shushes him and helps Ben regain his dignity before they leave.
After exiting, Buddy escorts the emotionally devastated Sally back to their hotel with the promise to work things out later.
Their ghostly younger selves appear, watching them go.
The younger Ben and Buddy softly call to their "girls upstairs", and the Follies end.
<EOS>
The series focuses on the exploits and misadventures of short-fused hotelier Basil Fawlty and his acerbic wife Sybil, as well as their employees, porter and waiter Manuel, maid Polly, and, in the second series, chef Terry.
The episodes typically revolve around Basil's efforts to succeed in "raising the tone" of his hotel and his increasing frustration at the numerous complications and mistakes, both his own and those of others, which prevent him from doing so.
Much of the humor comes from Basil's overly aggressive manner, engaging in angry but witty arguments with guests, staff and, in particular, Sybil whom he addresses (in a faux-romantic way) with insults such as "that golfing puff adder", "my little piranha fish" and "my little nest of vipers".
Despite this, he frequently feels intimidated, she being able to stop him in his tracks at any time, usually with a short, sharp cry of "Basil.
" At the end of some episodes, Basil succeeds in annoying (or at least bemusing) the guests and frequently gets his comeuppance.
Basil occasionally longs for a touch of class, sometimes by playing recordings of classical music.
In one episode he is playing music by Brahms when Sybil remarks, after pestering him asking to do different tasks: "You could have them both done by now if you hadn't spend the whole morning skulking in there listening to that racket".
Basil replies, with exasperation, "Racket.
That's Brahms.
Brahms' Third Racket.
"  The plots occasionally are intricate and always farcical, involving coincidences, misunderstandings, cross-purposes and meetings both missed and accidental.
The innuendo of the bedroom farce is sometimes present (often to the disgust of the socially conservative Basil) but it is his eccentricity, not his lust, that drives the plots.
The events test to the breaking point what little patience Basil has, sometimes causing him to have a near breakdown by the end of the episode.
The guests at the hotel typically are comic foils to Basil's anger and outbursts.
Each episode's one-shot guest characters provide a different characteristic that he cannot stand, among them being promiscuous, working class or foreign.
Requests both reasonable and impossible test his temper.
Even the afflicted seem to annoy him.
For example, the episode "Communication Problems" revolving around the havoc caused by the frequent misunderstandings between the staff and the hard-of-hearing mrs Richards.
By the end, Basil faints just at the mention of her name.
This episode is typical of the show's careful weaving of humorous situations through comedy cross-talk.
The show also uses mild black humour at times, notably when Basil is forced to hide a dead body and in Basil's comments about Sybil ("Did you ever see that film, How to Murder Your Wife.
Awfully good.
I saw it six times".
) and to the guests ("May I suggest that you consider moving to a hotel closer to the sea.
Or preferably in it".
).
Basil's physical outbursts are primarily directed at the waiter Manuel, an emotional but largely innocent Spaniard whose confused English vocabulary causes him to make elementary mistakes.
At times, Basil beats Manuel with a frying pan and smacks his forehead with a spoon.
The violence towards Manuel caused rare negative criticism of the show.
Sybil, on the other hand, is always condescending toward Manuel, excusing his behavior to guests with "He's from Barcelona".
Basil often displays blatant snobbishness as he attempts to climb the social ladder, frequently expressing disdain for the "riff-raff", "cretins" and "yobbos" that he believes to regularly populate his hotel.
His desperation is readily apparent as he makes increasingly hopeless maneuvers and painful faux pas in trying to curry favor with those he perceives as having superior social status.
Yet, he finds himself forced to serve those individuals that are "beneath" him.
As such, Basil's efforts tend to be counter-productive, with guests leaving the hotel in disgust and his marriage (and sanity) stretching to breaking point.
<EOS>
During the Vietnam War, a group of newS.
Marine Corps recruits arrive at Parris Island, South Carolina, for basic training.
After having their heads shaved, they meet Senior Drill Instructor Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, who employs forceful methods to turn the recruits into hardened, combat-ready Marines.
Among the recruits are privates "Joker", "Cowboy", and the overweight, bumbling Leonard Lawrence, who earns the nickname "Gomer Pyle" after incurring Hartman's wrath.
Unresponsive to Hartman's discipline, Pyle is eventually paired with Joker.
Pyle improves with Joker's help, but his progress halts when Hartman discovers a contraband jelly doughnut in Pyle's foot locker.
Believing the recruits have failed to improve Pyle, Hartman adopts a collective punishment policy: every mistake Pyle makes will earn punishment for the rest of the platoon, with Pyle being spared.
In retaliation for Pyle's failures, the platoon hazes him with a blanket party, restraining him in his bunk while beating him with bars of soap wrapped in towels.
After this incident, Pyle reinvents himself as a model Marine.
This impresses Hartman but worries Joker, who recognizes signs of mental breakdown in Pyle, such as him talking to his M14 rifle.
Following their graduation, the recruits receive their Military Occupational Specialty assignments; Joker is assigned to Basic Military Journalism, while most of the others (including Cowboy and Pyle) are assigned to Infantry.
During the platoon's final night on Parris Island, Joker discovers Pyle in the bathroom, loading his rifle with live ammunition.
Joker attempts to calm Pyle, who executes drill commands and loudly recites the Rifleman's Creed.
The noise awakens the platoon as well as Hartman, who confronts Pyle and orders him to surrender the rifle.
Pyle shoots Hartman dead, then kills himself.
In January 1968, Joker, now a corporal, is a war correspondent in South Vietnam for Stars and Stripes with Private First Class Rafterman, a combat photographer.
Rafterman wants to go into combat, as Joker claims he has done.
At the Marine base, Joker is mocked for his lack of the thousand-yard stare, indicating his lack of war experience.
They are interrupted by the start of the Tet Offensive as the North Vietnamese Army attempts to overrun the base, but are rebuffed.
The following day, the journalism staff is briefed about enemy attacks throughout South Vietnam.
Joker is sent to Phu Bai, accompanied by Rafterman.
They meet the Lusthog Squad, where Cowboy is now a sergeant.
Joker accompanies the squad during the Battle of Huế, where platoon commander "Touchdown" is killed by the enemy.
After the Marines declare the area secure, a team of American news journalists and reporters enters Huế and interviews various Marines about their experiences in Vietnam and their opinions about the war.
During patrol, Crazy Earl, the squad leader, is killed by a booby trap, leaving Cowboy in command.
The squad becomes lost and Cowboy orders Eightball to scout the area.
A Viet Cong sniper wounds Eightball and the squad medic, Doc Jay, is also wounded while attempting to save him, against orders.
Cowboy learns that tank support is unavailable and orders the team to prepare for withdrawal.
The squad's machine gunner, Animal Mother, disobeys Cowboy and attempts to save his teammates.
He discovers there is only one sniper, but Doc Jay and Eightball are killed when Doc Jay attempts to indicate the sniper's location.
While maneuvering toward the sniper, Cowboy is shot and killed.
Animal Mother assumes command of the squad and leads an attack on the sniper.
Joker discovers the sniper, a teenage girl, and attempts to shoot her, but his rifle jams and alerts her to his presence.
Rafterman shoots the sniper, mortally wounding her.
As the squad converges, the sniper begs for death, prompting an argument about whether or not to kill her.
Animal Mother decides to allow a mercy killing only if Joker performs it.
After some hesitation, Joker shoots her.
The Marines congratulate him on his kill as Joker stares into the distance, displaying the thousand-yard stare.
The Marines march toward their camp, singing the "Mickey Mouse March".
Joker states that despite being "in a world of shit", he is glad to be alive and no longer afraid.
<EOS>
Farmer Giles (Ægidius Ahenobarbus Julius Agricola de Hammo, "Giles Bronze-beard Julius Farmer of Ham") is not a hero.
He is fat and red-bearded and enjoys a slow, comfortable life.
But a rather deaf and short-sighted giant blunders on to his land, and Giles manages to ward him away with a blunderbuss shot in his general direction.
The people of the village cheer: Farmer Giles has become a hero.
His reputation spreads across the kingdom, and he is rewarded by the King with a sword named Caudimordax ("Tailbiter")—which turns out to be a powerful weapon against dragons.
The giant, on returning home, relates to his friends that there are no more knights in the Middle Kingdom, just stinging flies—actually the scrap metal shot from the blunderbuss—and this entices a dragon, Chrysophylax Dives, to investigate the area.
The terrified neighbours all expect the accidental hero Farmer Giles to deal with him.
The story parodies the great dragon-slaying traditions.
The knights sent by the King to pursue the dragon are useless fops, more intent on "precedence and etiquette" than on the huge dragon footprints littering the landscape.
The only part of a 'dragon' they know is the annual celebratory dragon-tail cake.
Giles by contrast clearly recognises the danger, and resents being sent along to face it.
But hapless farmers can be forced to become heroes, and Giles shrewdly makes the best of the situation.
It has been suggested that the Middle Kingdom is based on early Mercia, and that Giles's break-away realm (the Little Kingdom) is based on Frithuwald's Surrey.
<EOS>
Mr.
Tako, head of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, is frustrated with the television shows his company is sponsoring and wants something to boost his ratings.
When a doctor tells Tako about a giant monster he discovered on the small Faro Island, Tako believes that it would be a brilliant idea to use the monster to gain publicity.
Tako immediately sends two men, Sakurai and Kinsaburo, to find and bring back the monster.
Meanwhile, the American submarine Seahawk gets caught in an iceberg.
The iceberg collapses, unleashing Godzilla (who, in the Japanese version, had been trapped within since 1955), who then destroys the submarine and a nearby military base.
On Faro Island, a giant octopus attacks the native village.
The mysterious Faro monster, revealed to be King Kong, arrives and defeats the octopus.
Kong then drinks some red berry juice that immediately puts him to sleep.
Sakurai and Kinsaburo place Kong on a large raft and begin to transport him back to Japan.
mr Tako arrives on the ship transporting Kong, but a JSDF ship stops them and orders them to return Kong to Faro Island.
Meanwhile, Godzilla arrives in Japan and begins terrorizing the countryside.
Kong wakes up and breaks free from the raft.
Reaching the mainland, Kong engages Godzilla in a brief battle but retreats after Godzilla nearly burns him alive.
The JSDF digs a large pit laden with explosives and lures Godzilla into it, but Godzilla is unharmed.
They next string up a barrier of power lines around the city filled with 1,000,000 volts of electricity (50,000 volts were tried in the first film but failed to turn the monster back), which prove effective against Godzilla.
Kong then approaches Tokyo and tears through the power lines, feeding off the electricity which seems to make him stronger.
Kong then enters Tokyo and captures Fumiko, Sakurai's sister.
The JSDF launches capsules full of the Faro Island berry juice and put Kong to sleep.
The JSDF then decides to transport Kong via balloons to Godzilla, in hopes that they will kill each other.
The next morning, Kong is dropped next to Godzilla at the summit of Mt.
Fuji and the two engage in a final battle.
Godzilla initially has the advantage and nearly kills King Kong, but Kong regains his strength after absorbing electricity from a nearby lightning cloud.
The monsters continue their fight and, after tearing through Atami Castle, fall off a cliff together into the Pacific Ocean.
After an underwater battle, only King Kong resurfaces and begins to swim towards his island home.
There is no sign of Godzilla, but the JSDF speculates that it's possible that he survived.
The JSDF decides not to pursue Kong but, rather, let him return home.
<EOS>
After Yata (Toru Ibuki) is lost at sea, his brother Ryota (Toru Watanabe) steals a yacht with his two friends and a bank robber, the crew runs afoul of the giant lobster Ebirah, and washes up on the shore of an island, where a terrorist organization manufactures heavy water for their purposes, as well as a chemical that keeps Ebirah at bay.
The organization, known as the Red Bamboo, has enslaved natives from Infant Island to help them, but the natives hope to awaken Mothra (now a full-grown moth metamorphosed from the larva that appeared in Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster) to rescue them.
In their efforts to avoid capture, Ryota and his friends, aided by a beautiful native girl, stumble across Godzilla sleeping within a cliffside cavern.
The group devises a plan to defeat the Red Bamboo and escape from the island.
In the process, they wake Godzilla using a makeshift lightning rod.
Godzilla fights Ebirah, but the giant crustacean escapes.
Godzilla is then attacked by Daikondoro, a giant condor, and a squadron of Red Bamboo fighter jets, but destroys them.
The humans retrieve the missing Yata, free the enslaved natives and Godzilla begins to destroy the base.
Godzilla smashes a tower that has a self-destruct button that makes the island unstable.
Godzilla fights Ebirah and defeats it, ripping off both Ebirah's claws and causing it to retreat into the sea.
The natives summon Mothra to save everyone, however, Godzilla challenges Mothra when she gets to the island.
Mothra manages to push Godzilla away and carry the people off.
Godzilla escapes the island just before it explodes.
<EOS>
A team of scientists are trying to perfect a weather-controlling system.
Their efforts are hampered by the arrival of a nosy reporter and by the sudden presence of 2-meter tall giant praying mantises.
The first test of the weather control system goes awry when the remote control for a radioactive balloon is jammed by an unexplained signal coming from the center of the island.
The balloon detonates prematurely, creating a radioactive storm that causes the giant mantises to grow to enormous sizes.
Investigating the mantises, which are named Kamacuras (Gimantis in the English-dubbed version), the scientists find the monstrous insects digging an egg out from under a pile of earth.
The egg hatches, revealing a baby Godzilla.
The scientists realize that the baby's telepathic cries for help were the cause of the interference that ruined their experiment.
Shortly afterwards, Godzilla arrives on the island in response to the infant's cries, demolishing the scientist's base while rushing to defend the baby.
Godzilla kills two of the Kamacuras during the battle while one manages to fly away to safety, Godzilla then adopts the baby.
The baby Godzilla, named Minilla, quickly grows to about half the size of the adult Godzilla and Godzilla instructs it on the important monster skills of roaring and using its atomic ray.
At first, Minilla has difficulty producing anything more than atomic smoke rings, but Godzilla discovers that stressful conditions (ie.
stomping on its tail) or motivation produces a true radioactive blast.
Minilla comes to the aid of Reiko when she is attacked by a Kamacuras, but inadvertently awakens Kumonga (Spiga in the English-dubbed version), a giant spider that was sleeping in a valley.
Kumonga attacks the caves where the scientists are hiding and Minilla stumbles into the fray.
Kumonga traps Minilla and the final Kamacuras with his webbing, but as Kumonga begins to feed on the deceased Kamacuras, Godzilla arrives to save the day.
Godzilla saves Minilla and they work together to defeat Kumonga by using their atomic rays on the giant spider.
Hoping to keep the monsters from interfering in their attempt to escape the island, the scientists finally use their perfected weather altering device on the island and the once tropical island becomes buried in snow and ice.
As the scientists are saved by an American submarine, Godzilla and Minilla begin to hibernate as they wait for the island to become tropical again.
<EOS>
At the close of the 20th century, all of the Earth's kaiju have been collected by the United Nations Science Committee and confined in an area known as Monsterland, located in the Ogasawara island chain.
A special control center is constructed underneath the island to ensure that the monsters stay secure and to serve as a research facility to study them.
When communications with Monsterland are suddenly and mysteriously severed, and all of the monsters begin attacking world capitals, dr Yoshida of the UNSC orders Captain Yamabe and the crew of his spaceship, Moonlight SY-3, to investigate Ogasawara.
There, they discover that the scientists, led by dr Otani, have become mind-controlled slaves of a feminine alien race identifying themselves as the Kilaaks, who reveal that they are in control of the monsters.
Their leader demands that the human race surrender, or face total annihilation.
Godzilla attacks New York City, Rodan invades Moscow, Mothra (a larva offspring) lays waste to Beijing, Gorosaurus (wrongly identified as Baragon.
who might have dug the tunnel the former emerges from) destroys Paris, and Manda attacks London.
These attacks were set in to motion to draw attention away from Japan, so that the aliens can establish an underground stronghold near Mt.
Fuji in Japan.
The Kilaaks then turn their next major attack on to Tokyo and, without serious opposition, become arrogant in their aims, until the UNSC discover that the Kilaaks have switched to broadcasting the control signals from their base under the Moon's surface.
In a desperate battle, the crew of the SY-3 destroys the Kilaak's lunar outpost and returns the alien control system to Earth.
With all of the monsters under the control of the UNSC, the Kilaaks unleash their hidden weapon, King Ghidorah.
The three-headed space monster is dispatched to protect the alien stronghold at Mt.
Fuji, and battles Godzilla, Minilla, Mothra, Rodan, Gorosaurus, Anguirus, and Kumonga (Manda, Baragon and an unnamed Varan are also present but do not take part in the battle).
While seemingly invincible, King Ghidorah is eventually overpowered by the combined strength of the Earth monsters and is killed.
Refusing to admit defeat, the Kilaaks produce their trump card, a burning monster they call the Fire Dragon, which begins to torch cities and destroys the control center on Ogasawara.
Suddenly, Godzilla attacks and destroys the Kilaak's underground base, revealing that the Earth's monsters instinctively know who their enemies are.
Captain Yamabe then pursues the Fire Dragon in the SY-3, and narrowly achieves victory for the human race.
The Fire Dragon is revealed to be a flaming Kilaak saucer and is destroyed.
Godzilla and the other monsters eventually return to Monsterland to live in peace.
<EOS>
In the year 1973, the most recent underground nuclear test, set off near the Aleutians, sends shockwaves as far south as Monster Island, disturbing the monsters, causing Anguirus to fall into a fault opened up by the consequential earthquakes and Rodan to fly off, while Godzilla decides to stay put.
For years, Seatopia, an undersea civilization, has been heavily affected by this nuclear testing conducted by the surface nations of the world.
Upset by these tests, the Seatopians plan to unleash their civilization's beetle-like god, Megalon, to destroy the surface world out of vengeance.
On the surface, an inventor named Goro Ibuki, his nephew Rokuro and their friend Hiroshi Jinkawa are off on an outing near a lake when Seatopia makes itself known to the Earth by drying up the lake the trio was relaxing nearby and using it as a base of operation.
As they return home they are ambushed by agents of Seatopia who are trying to steal Jet Jaguar, a humanoid robot under construction by the trio of inventors.
However the Agents' first attempt is botched and they are forced to flee to safety.
Some time later, Jet Jaguar is completed but the trio of inventors are knocked unconscious by the returning Seatopian agents.
The agents' plan is to use Jet Jaguar to guide and direct Megalon to destroy whatever city Seatopia commands.
Goro and Rokuro are sent to be killed, while Hiroshi is taken hostage.
Megalon is finally released to the surface while Jet Jaguar is put under the control of the Seatopians and is used to guide Megalon to attack Tokyo with the Japan Self Defense Forces failing to defeat the monster.
Eventually, the trio of heroes manage to escape their situation with the Seatopians and reunite to devise a plan to send Jet Jaguar to get Godzilla's help using Jet Jaguar's secondary control system.
After uniting with Japan's Defense Force, Goro manages to regain control of Jet Jaguar and sends the robot to Monster Island to bring Godzilla to fight Megalon.
Without a guide to control its actions, Megalon flails around relentlessly and aimlessly fighting with the Defense Force and destroying the outskirts of Tokyo.
The Seatopians learn of Jet Jaguar's turn and thus send out a distress call to the Nebula M aliens (from the previous film) to send Gigan to assist them.
As Godzilla journeys to fight Megalon, Jet Jaguar programs into a safeguard mode and grows to gigantic proportions to face Megalon itself until Godzilla arrives.
The battle is roughly at a standstill between robot and monster, until Gigan arrives and both Megalon and Gigan double team Jet Jaguar.
Godzilla finally arrives to assist Jet Jaguar and the odds become evened.
After a long and brutal fight, Gigan and Megalon both retreat and Godzilla and Jet Jaguar shake hands on a job well done.
Godzilla returns to Monster Island, and Jet Jaguar returns to its previous, human-sized state and reunites with its inventors.
<EOS>
In the aftermath of Godzilla's attack on Tokyo and later imprisonment at Mt.
Mihara, the monster's cells are delivered to the Saradia Institute of Technology and Science, where they are to be merged with genetically modified plants in the hope of transforming Saradia's deserts into fertile land and ending the country's economic dependence on oil wells.
dr Genshiro Shiragami and his daughter, Erika, are enlisted to aid with the project.
However, a terrorist bombing destroys the institute's laboratory, ruining the cells and killing Erika.
Five years later, Shiragami has returned to Japan and merged some of Erika's cells with those of a rose in an attempt to preserve her soul.
Scientist Kazuhito Kirishima and Lieutenant Goro Gondo of the JSDF are using the Godzilla cells they collected to create "Anti-Nuclear Energy Bacteria", hoping it can serve as a weapon against Godzilla should he return.
They attempt to recruit Shiragami to aid them, but are rebuffed.
International tensions increase over the Godzilla cells, as they are coveted by both the Saradia Institute of Technology and Science and the American Bio-Major organization.
An explosion from Mt.
Mihara causes tremors across the area, including Shiragami's home, badly damaging the roses.
Shiragami agrees to join the JSDF's effort and is given access to the Godzilla cells, which he secretly merges with one of the roses.
A night later, rival Bio-Major and Saradian agents break into Shiragami's lab, but are attacked by a large plant-like creature which later escapes to Lake Ashino and is named "Biollante" by Shiragami.
Bio-Major agents plant explosives around Mt.
Mihara and issue an ultimatum to the Diet of Japan, warning that the explosives will be detonated and thus free Godzilla if the cells aren't handed over.
Kirishima and Gondo attempt to trade, but Saradian agent SSS9 thwarts the attempt and escapes with the cells.
The explosives go off, and Godzilla escapes.
It attempts to reach the nearest power plant to replenish its supply of nuclear energy, but Biollante calls out to it.
Godzilla arrives at the lake to engage Biollante in a vicious battle, and emerges as the victor.
Godzilla proceeds toward the power plant at Tsuruga, but psychic Miki Saegusa uses her powers to divert it toward Osaka instead.
A team led by Gondo meet Godzilla at the central district and fire rockets infused with the anti-nuclear bacteria into his body.
Gondo is killed in the process, and an unaffected Godzilla leaves the city.
Kirishima recovers the cells and returns them to the JSDF.
Shiragami theorizes that if Godzilla's body temperature is increased, the bacteria should work against it.
The JSDF erects microwave-emitting plates during an artificial thunderstorm, hitting Godzilla with lightning and heating up its body temperature during a battle in the mountains outside Osaka.
Godzilla is only moderately affected, but Biollante arrives to engage him in battle once again.
The fight ends after Godzilla fires his atomic heat ray inside Biollante's mouth.
An exhausted Godzilla collapses on the beach, and Biollante disintegrates into the sky, forming an image of Erika amongst the stars.
Shiragami, watching the scene, is killed by SSS9.
Kirishima chases the assassin and, after a brief scuffle, SSS9 is killed by a microwave-emitting plate.
Godzilla reawakens and leaves for the ocean.
<EOS>
Continuing after the end of the previous film, Interpol agents, led by Inspector Kusaka, search for the pieces of Mechagodzilla at the bottom of the Okinawan Sea.
Using the submarine, Akatsuki, they hope to gather information on the robot's builders, the alien Simeons.
The Akatsuki is suddenly attacked by a giant aquatic dinosaur called Titanosaurus, and the crew vanishes.
Interpol starts an investigation into the incident.
With the help of marine biologist Akira Ichinose, they trace Titanosaurus to a reclusive, mad scientist named Shinzô Mafune, who wants to destroy all mankind.
While Ichinose is visiting his old home in the seaside forest of Manazuru, they meet Mafune's lone daughter, Katsura.
She tells them that not only is her father dead, but she burned all of the notes about the giant dinosaur (at her father's request).
Unknownst to them, Mafune is still alive and well.
He is visited by his friend Tsuda, who is an aide to the simian alien leader Mugal.
He is leading the project to quickly rebuild Mechagodzilla.
Mugal offers their services to Mafune, so that his Titanosaurus and their Mechagodzilla 2 will be the ultimate weapons.
They hope to wipe out mankind and rebuild the world for themselves.
But things are complicated for both factions when Ichinose falls in love with Katsura and unwittingly gives her Interpol's information against Titanosaurus, the new Mechagodzilla and the aliens.
It's also discovered that Katsura is actually a cyborg, due to undergoing surgery, and Mugal still has uses for her.
Meanwhile, Mafune is desperate to unleash Titanosaurus without the aliens' permission, so he releases it on Yokosuka one night.
By then, Interpol discovers that supersonic waves are Titanosaurus' weakness.
They have a supersonic wave oscillator ready, but Katsura sabotages the machine before they can use it.
Fortunately, Godzilla arrives to fight off Titanosaurus.
Later, when Ichinose visits Katsura, he is captured by the aliens.
Tied up, Ichinose can only watch as Mafune and the aliens unleash Mechagodzilla 2 and Titanosaurus on Tokyo, while Interpol struggles to repair their sonic wave machine and the Japanese armed forces struggle to keep the two monsters at bay.
Katsura, while being controlled by Mugal, ignores Ichinose and controls both the dinosaur and the robot as they destroy the city.
Godzilla comes to the rescue, although it is outmatched by the two titans.
While Interpol distracts Titanosaurus with the supersonic wave oscillator, Godzilla is able to focus on attacking Mechagodzilla 2.
Interpol agents infiltrate the aliens' hideout, rescue Ichinose, and kill Mafune and many of the aliens.
The remaining aliens attempt to escape in their ships, but Godzilla shoots them down.
Katsura, while being embraced by Ichinose, shoots herself to destroy Mechagodzilla 2's controls (which had been implanted in her body by the aliens).
This helps Godzilla destroy the robot.
Godzilla, with the help of the oscillator, defeats Titanosaurus, and heads back to sea.
<EOS>
In 1992, science fiction writer Kenichiro Terasawa (Kosuke Toyohara) is writing a book about Godzilla and learns of a group of Japanese soldiers stationed on Lagos Island during the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign.
In February 1944, while threatened by American soldiers, the Japanese soldiers were saved by a mysterious dinosaur.
He theorizes that the dinosaur was subsequently mutated into Godzilla in 1954 after a hydrogen bomb test on the island.
Yasuaki Shindo (Yoshio Tsuchiya), a wealthy businessman who commanded the Japanese soldiers on Lagos Island, confirms that the dinosaur did indeed exist.
Meanwhile, a UFO lands on Mount Fuji.
When the Japanese army investigates, they are greeted by Wilson (Chuck Wilson), Grenchko (Richard Berger), Emmy Kano (Anna Nakagawa) and an android, M-11 (Robert Scott Field).
The visitors, known as the "Futurians", explain that they are humans from the year 2204, where Godzilla has completely destroyed Japan.
The Futurians plan to travel back in time to 1944 to remove the dinosaur from Lagos Island before the island is destroyed, thus preventing the mutation of the creature into Godzilla.
As proof of their story, Emmy presents a copy of Terasawa's book, which has not yet been completed in the present.
The Futurians, Terasawa, Miki Saegusa (Megumi Odaka), and Professor Mazaki (Katsuhiko Sasaki), board a time shuttle and travel back to 1944 to Lagos Island.
There, as American forces land and engage the Japanese forces commanded by Shindo, the dinosaur attacks and kills the American soldiers.
The American navy then bombs the dinosaur from the sea and it is gravely wounded.
After Shindo and his men leave the island, M-11 teleports the dinosaur from Lagos Island to a place in the Bering Strait.
Before returning to 1992, the Futurians leave three small creatures called Dorats on Lagos Island, which are exposed to radiation from the hydrogen bomb test in 1954.
The creatures merge to become King Ghidorah, which then appears in present day Japan.
After returning to 1992, the Futurians use King Ghidorah to subjugate Japan.
They issue an ultimatum, but Japan refuses to surrender.
Feeling sympathy for the Japanese people, Emmy reveals to Terasawa the truth behind the Futurians' mission: in the future, Japan is an economic superpower that has surpassed the United States, Russia, and China.
The Futurians traveled back in time in order to change history and prevent Japan's future economic dominance by creating King Ghidorah and using it to destroy present day Japan.
At the same time, they also planned to erase Godzilla from history so it wouldn't pose a threat to their plans.
After M-11 brings Emmy back to the UFO, she reprograms the android so it will help her.
With M-11 and Terasawa's aid, Emmy sabotages the UFO's control over King Ghidorah.
At the same time, Shindo plans to use his nuclear submarine to recreate Godzilla.
On route to the Bering Strait, Shindo's submarine is destroyed by an already mutated Godzilla, who absorbs its radiation and becomes even larger and more powerful.
Terasawa discovers that a Russian nuclear submarine sank in the Bering Strait in the 1970s.
The Russian submarine released enough radiation to mutate the dinosaur into Godzilla, effectively setting in motion the events of The Return of Godzilla onwards.
Godzilla arrives in Japan and is met by King Ghidorah.
They fight at equal strength, each immune to the other's attacks.
Godzilla eventually ends the battle by blasting off Ghidorah's middle head.
Before the final blow, Godzilla destroys the UFO, killing Wilson and Grenchko.
Godzilla then turns its attention on Tokyo, destroying the metropolis and killing Shindo.
Emmy travels to the future with M-11 and then returns to the present day with Mecha-King Ghidorah, a cybernetic version of King Ghidorah.
The cybernetic Ghidorah blasts Godzilla with energy beams, which proves useless.
Godzilla then counters by relentlessly blasting Ghidorah with its atomic ray, almost decapitating Ghidorah.
Ghidorah survives but then Godzilla prevails, knocking Ghidorah down.
Emmy carries off Godzilla and drops it and Ghidorah into the ocean.
Emmy then returns to the future but not before informing Terasawa that she is his descendant.
<EOS>
In 1993, an asteroid lands in the Ogasawara Trench and awakens Godzilla.
The next day, explorer Takuya Fujito is detained after stealing an ancient artifact.
Later, a representative of the Japanese Prime Minister offers to have Takuya's charges dropped if he explores Infant Island with his ex-wife, Masako Tezuka and Kenji Ando, the secretary of the rapacious Marutomo company.
After the trio arrives on the island, they find a cave containing a depiction of two giant insects in battle.
Further exploration leads them to a giant egg and a pair of diminutive humanoids called Cosmos, who identify the egg as belonging to Mothra.
The Cosmos tell of an ancient civilization that tried to control the Earth's climate, thus provoking the earth into creating Battra, which became uncontrollable, and started to harm the very planet that created it.
Mothra, another earth protector, fought an apocalyptic battle with Battra, who eventually lost.
The Cosmos explain how the asteroid uncovered Mothra's egg, and may have awoken Battra, who is still embittered over humanity's interference in the Earth's natural order.
The Marutomo company sends a freighter to Infant Island to pick up the egg, ostensibly to protect it.
As they are sailing, Godzilla surfaces and heads toward the newly hatched Mothra.
Battra soon appears and joins the fight, allowing Mothra to retreat.
The battle between Godzilla and Battra is eventually taken underwater, where the force of the battle causes a giant crack in the ocean's floor that swallows the two.
Masako and Takuya later discover Ando's true intentions when he kidnaps the Cosmos and takes them to Marutomo headquarters, where the CEO intends to use them for publicity purposes.
Mothra enters Tokyo in an attempt to rescue the Cosmos, but is attacked by the JSDF.
The wounded Mothra heads for the Diet building and starts building a cocoon around herself.
Meanwhile, Godzilla surfaces from Mount Fuji.
Both Mothra and Battra attain their adult forms and converge at Yokohama Cosmo World.
Godzilla interrupts the battle and brutally attacks Mothra, nearly killing her.
Battra arrives and defends Mothra, and the two moths decide to join forces against Godzilla.
Eventually, Mothra and Battra overwhelm Godzilla and carry it over the ocean.
Godzilla bites Battra's neck and fires its atomic breath into the wound, killing him.
A tired Mothra drops Godzilla and the lifeless Battra into the water below, sealing Godzilla below the surface by creating a mystical glyph with scales from her wings.
The next morning, the Cosmos explain that Battra had been waiting many years to destroy an even larger asteroid that would threaten the earth in 1999.
Mothra had promised she would stop the future collision if Battra were to die, and she and the Cosmos leave Earth as the humans bid farewell.
<EOS>
When the Japanese freighter Eiko-maru is destroyed near Odo Island, another ship – the Bingo-maru – is sent to investigate, only to meet the same fate with few survivors.
A fishing boat from Odo is also destroyed, with one survivor.
Fishing catches mysteriously drop to zero, blamed by an elder on the ancient sea creature known as "Godzilla".
Reporters arrive on Odo Island to further investigate.
A villager tells one of the reporters that "something large is going crazy down there" ruining the fishing.
That evening, a ritual dance to appease Godzilla is held during which the reporter learns that the locals used to sacrifice young girls.
That night, a large storm strikes the island, destroying the reporters' helicopter, and an unseen force destroys 17 homes, kills nine people and 20 of the villagers' livestock.
Odo residents travel to Tokyo to demand disaster relief.
The villagers' and reporters' evidence describes damage consistent with something large crushing the village.
The government sends paleontologist Kyohei Yamane to lead an investigation to the island, where giant radioactive footprints and a trilobite are discovered.
The village alarm bell is rung and Yamane and the villagers rush to see the monster, retreating after seeing that it is a giant dinosaur, which then roars, and returns to the ocean.
Yamane presents his findings in Tokyo, estimating that Godzilla is tall and is evolved from an ancient sea creature becoming a terrestrial animal.
He concludes that Godzilla has been disturbed from its deep underwater natural habitat by underwater hydrogen bomb testing.
Debate ensues about notifying the public about the danger of the monster.
Meanwhile, 17 ships are lost at sea.
Ten frigates are dispatched to attempt to kill the monster using depth charges.
The mission disappoints Yamane who wants Godzilla to be studied.
Godzilla survives the attack and appears off-shore.
Officials appeal to Yamane for ideas to kill the monster, but Yamane tells them that Godzilla is unkillable, having survived H-bomb testing, and must be studied.
Yamane's daughter, Emiko, decides to break off her arranged engagement to Yamane's colleague, Daisuke Serizawa, because of her love for Hideto Ogata, a salvage ship captain.
When a reporter arrives and asks to interview Serizawa, Emiko escorts the reporter to Serizawa's lab.
After Serizawa refuses to divulge his current work to the reporter, he gives Emiko a demonstration of his recent project on the condition she must keep it a secret.
The demonstration horrifies her and she leaves without breaking off the engagement.
Shortly after she returns home, the sound of Godzilla's footsteps approaching is heard.
Godzilla surfaces from Tokyo Bay and enters the city, scattering residents from its path.
A passing commuter train collides with the monster, who then destroys the train.
After further destruction, Godzilla returns to the ocean.
After consulting with international experts, the Japanese Self-Defense Forces construct a tall, 50,000 volt electrified fence along the coast and deploy forces to stop and kill Godzilla.
Yamane returns home, dismayed that there is no plan to study Godzilla for its resistance to radiation, where Emiko and Ogata await hoping to get his consent for them to wed.
When Ogata disagrees with Yamane, Yamane tells him to leave.
Godzilla resurfaces and breaks through to Tokyo, unleashing a more destructive rampage across the city.
The Tokyo Tower and the National Diet Building are destroyed and there is a large loss of life.
Distraught by the devastation, Emiko tells Ogata about Serizawa's research, a weapon called the "Oxygen Destroyer", which disintegrates oxygen atoms and the organisms die of a rotting asphyxiation.
Emiko and Ogata go to Serizawa to convince him to use the Oxygen Destroyer but he initially refuses.
After watching a program displaying the nation's current tragedy, Serizawa finally accepts Emiko and Ogata's pleas.
A navy ship takes Ogata and Serizawa to plant the device in Tokyo Bay.
After finding Godzilla, Serizawa unloads the device and cuts off his air support, taking the secrets of the Oxygen Destroyer to his death.
The mission proves to be a success and Godzilla is destroyed but many mourn Serizawa's death.
Yamane reveals his belief that if nuclear weapons testing continues, another Godzilla may rise in the future.
<EOS>
After a volcanic eruption on Daikoku Island, the Yahata-Maru Japanese fishing vessel is caught in strong currents off its shores.
As the boat drifts into shore, the island begins to erupt, and a giant monster lifts itself out of the volcano.
A few days later, reporter Goro Maki is sailing in the area and finds the vessel intact but deserted.
As he explores the vessel, he finds all the crew dead except for one young man called Hiroshi Okumura, who has been badly wounded.
Suddenly a giant Shockirus sea louse attacks him but he is saved by Okumura.
In Tokyo, Okumura realizes by looking at pictures that the monster he saw was a new Godzilla.
Maki writes an article about the account, but the news of Godzilla's return is kept secret and his article is withheld.
Maki visits Professor Hayashida, whose parents were lost in the 1954 Godzilla attack.
Hayashida describes Godzilla as a living, invincible nuclear weapon able to cause mass destruction.
At Hayashida's laboratory, Maki meets Okumura's sister, Naoko, and informs her that her brother is alive and at the police hospital.
A Soviet submarine is destroyed in the Pacific.
The Soviets believe the attack was perpetrated by the Americans, and a diplomatic crisis ensues, which threatens to escalate into nuclear war.
The Japanese intervene and reveal that Godzilla was behind the attacks.
The Japanese cabinet meets to discuss Japan's defence.
A new weapon is revealed, the Super X, a specially-armored flying fortress that will defend the capital.
The Japanese military is put on alert.
Godzilla attacks the Ihama nuclear power plant.
While Godzilla is feeding off the reactor, he is distracted by a flock of birds and leaves the facility.
Hayashida believes that Godzilla was distracted instinctively by a homing signal from the birds.
Hayashida, together with geologist Minami, propose to the Japanese Cabinet, that Godzilla could be lured back to Mt.
Mihara on Ōshima Island by a similar signal, and a volcanic eruption could be started, capturing Godzilla.
Prime Minister Mitamura meets with Soviet and American envoys and declares that nuclear weapons will not be used on Godzilla, even if it were to attack the Japanese mainland.
Meanwhile, the Soviets have their own plans to counter the threat posed by Godzilla, and a Soviet control ship disguised as a freighter in Tokyo Harbor prepares to launch a nuclear missile from one of their orbiting satellites should Godzilla attack.
Godzilla is sighted at dawn in Tokyo Bay heading towards Tokyo, causing mass evacuations.
The Japanese Air Self Defense Force attacks Godzilla but it fails to stop his advance on the city.
He soon emerges and makes short work of the JSDF stationed there.
The battle causes damage to the Soviet ship and starts a missile launch count-down.
The captain dies as he attempts to stop the missile from launching.
Godzilla proceeds towards Tokyo's business district, wreaking havoc along the way.
There, it is confronted by four laser-armed trucks and the Super Because Godzilla's heart is similar to a nuclear reactor, the cadmium shells that are fired into his mouth by the Super X seal and slow down his heart, knocking him unconscious.
The count-down ends and the Soviet missile is launched.
The Americans intervene and fire a counter-missile at the Soviet missile.
Hayashida and Okumura are extracted from Tokyo via helicopter and taken to Mt.
Mihara to set up the homing device before the two missiles collide above Tokyo.
The two missiles collide, producing an electrical storm and an EMP, which revives Godzilla once more and temporarily disables the Super  Godzilla and the Super X battle through the streets.
He finally destroys the Super X and continues its rampage, until Hayashida uses the homing device to distract it.
Godzilla leaves Tokyo and swims across the Japanese sea, following the homing device to Mt.
Mihara.
There, Godzilla follows the device and falls into the mouth of the volcano.
Okumura activates detonators at the volcano, creating a controlled eruption that traps Godzilla inside.
<EOS>
Harriet Vane returns with trepidation to Shrewsbury College, Oxford to attend the Gaudy dinner.
Expecting hostility because of her notoriety, she is surprised to be welcomed warmly by the dons, and rediscovers her old love of the academic life.
Some time later the Dean of Shrewsbury writes to ask for help.
There has been an outbreak of anonymous letters, vandalism and threats, apparently from someone within the college, and a scandal is feared.
Harriet, herself a victim of poison-pen letters since her trial, reluctantly agrees to help, and spends much of the next few months in residence at the college, ostensibly to do research on Sheridan Le Fanu and to assist a don with her book.
As she wrestles with the case, trying to narrow down the list of suspects and avert a major scandal, Harriet is forced to examine her ambivalent feelings about love and marriage, along with her attraction to academia as an intellectual (and emotional) refuge.
Her personal dilemma becomes entangled with darkly hinted suspicions and prejudices raised by the crimes at the college, which appear to have been committed by a sexually frustrated female don.
Harriet is forced to re-examine her relationship with Wimsey in the light of what she has discovered about herself.
Wimsey eventually arrives in Oxford to help her, and she gains a new perspective on him from those who know him, including his nephew, an undergraduate at the university.
The attacks build to a crisis, and the college community of students, dons and servants is almost torn apart by suspicion and fear.
There is an attempt to drive a vulnerable student to suicide and a physical assault on Harriet that almost kills her.
The perpetrator is finally unmasked by Wimsey as one of the college servants, revealed to be the widow of a disgraced academic at a northern university.
Her husband's academic fraud had been exposed by an examiner, destroying his career and driving him to suicide.
The examiner has since moved to Shrewsbury College, and the campaign has been the widow's revenge against intellectual women who move outside what she sees as their "proper" domestic sphere.
At the end of the book, Harriet Vane finally accepts Wimsey's proposal of marriage.
(Their wedding and honeymoon—interrupted by another murder mystery—are depicted in Busman's Honeymoon).
<EOS>
A Song of Ice and Fire takes place in a fictional world in which seasons last for years and end unpredictably.
Nearly three centuries before the events of the first novel (see backstory), the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros were united under the Targaryen dynasty by Aegon I and his sisters Visenya and Rhaenys, with Aegon Targaryen becoming the first king of the whole of the continent of Westeros, save for the southerly Dorne.
At the beginning of A Game of Thrones, 15 peaceful summer years have passed since the rebellion led by Robert Baratheon deposed and killed the last Targaryen king, Aerys II, and proclaimed Robert king of the Seven Kingdoms.
The principal story chronicles the power struggle for the Iron Throne between the great Houses of Westeros following the death of King Robert in A Game of Thrones.
Robert's heir apparent, the 13-year old Joffrey, is immediately proclaimed king through the machinations of his mother, Cersei Lannister.
When Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark, King Robert's "Hand" (chief advisor), discovers that Joffrey and his siblings are the product of incest between Cersei and her twin brother Jaime, Eddard is executed for treason.
In response, Robert's brothers Stannis and Renly both lay separate claims to the throne.
During this period of instability, two of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros attempt to become independent from the Iron Throne: Ned Stark's eldest son Robb is proclaimed King in the North, while Balon Greyjoy desires to recover the sovereignty of his region, the Iron Islands.
The so-called "War of the Five Kings" is in full progress by the middle of the second book, A Clash of Kings.
The second story takes place in the far north of Westeros, where an 8,000-year-old wall of ice defends the Seven Kingdoms from the Others.
The Wall's sentinels, the Sworn Brotherhood of the Night's Watch, also protect the realm from the incursions of the "Wildlings" or "Free Folk", who are humans living north of the Wall.
The Night's Watch story is told primarily through the point of view of Jon Snow, the bastard son of Eddard Stark.
Jon follows the footsteps of his uncle Benjen Stark and joins the Watch at a young age, rising quickly through the ranks.
In the third volume, A Storm of Swords, the Night's Watch storyline becomes increasingly entangled with the War of the Five Kings.
The third story follows Daenerys Targaryen, daughter of the last Targaryen king of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
Daenerys' story takes place on the continent of Essos, which is located directly east of Westeros across the Narrow Sea.
Daenerys' storyline is isolated from the others until A Dance with Dragons.
On Essos, Daenerys is married off by her elder brother Viserys Targaryen to a powerful warlord but slowly becomes an independent and intelligent ruler in her own right.
Her rise to power is aided by the historic birth of three dragons, hatched from eggs given to her as wedding gifts.
The three dragons soon become not only a symbol of her bloodline, but devastating weapons of war.
<EOS>
In the distant future, Mankind has colonized space, with clusters of space colonies at each of the five Earth-Moon Lagrange points.
Down on the Earth, the nations have come together to form the United Earth Sphere Alliance.
This Alliance oppresses the colonies with its vast military might.
The colonies wishing to be free, join together in a movement headed by the pacifist Heero Yuy.
In the year After Colony 175, Yuy is shot dead by an assassin, forcing the colonies to search for other paths to peace.
The assassination prompts five disaffected scientists from the Organization of the Zodiac, more commonly referred to as OZ, to turn rogue upon the completion of the mobile suit prototype Tallgeese.
The story of Gundam Wing begins in the year After Colony 195, with the start of "Operation Meteor": the scientists' plan for revenge against OZ.
The operation involves five teenage boys, who have each been chosen and trained by each of the five scientists, then sent to Earth independently in extremely advanced mobile suits (one designed by each of the scientists) known as "Gundams" (called such because they are constructed from a rare and astonishingly durable material called Gundanium alloy, which can only be created in outer space).
Each Gundam is sent from a different colony, and the pilots are initially unaware of each other's existence.
The series focuses primarily on the five Gundam pilots: Heero Yuy (an alias, not to be confused with the martyred pacifist), Duo Maxwell, Trowa Barton, Quatre Raberba Winner and Chang Wufei.
Their mission is to use their Gundams to attack OZ directly, in order to rid the Alliance of its weapons and free the colonies from its oppressive rule.
The series also focuses on Relena Peacecraft, heir to the pacifist Sanc Kingdom, who starts off as a seemingly ordinary girl until she gets caught up in the conflict between OZ and the Gundams, becoming an important political ally to the Gundam pilots (particularly Heero) in the process.
<EOS>
Leto II Atreides, the God Emperor, has ruled the universe as a tyrant for 3,500 years after becoming a hybrid of human and giant sandworm in Children of Dune.
The death of all other sandworms, and his control of the remaining supply of the all-important drug melange, has allowed him to keep civilization under his complete command.
Leto has been physically transformed into a worm, retaining only his human face and arms, and though he is now seemingly immortal and invulnerable to harm, he is prone to instinct-driven bouts of violence when provoked to anger.
As a result, his rule is one of religious awe and despotic fear.
Leto has disbanded the Landsraad to all but a few Great Houses; the remaining powers defer to his authority, although they individually conspire against him in secret.
The Fremen have long since lost their identity and military power, and have been replaced as the Imperial army by the Fish Speakers, an all-female army who obey Leto without question.
He has rendered the human population into a state of trans-galactic stagnation; space travel is non-existent to most people in his Empire, which he has deliberately kept to near-medieval level of technological sophistication.
All of this he has done in accordance with a prophecy divined through precognition that will establish an enforced peace preventing humanity from destroying itself through aggressive behavior.
The desert planet Arrakis has been terraformed into a lush forested biosphere, except for a single section of desert retained by Leto for his Citadel.
A string of Duncan Idaho gholas have served Leto over the millennia, and Leto has also fostered the bloodline of his twin sister Ghanima.
Her descendant Moneo is Leto's majordomo and closest confidante, while Moneo's daughter Siona has become the leader of an Arrakis-based rebellion against Leto.
She steals a set of secret records from his archives, not realizing that he has allowed it.
Leto intends to breed Siona with the latest Duncan ghola, but is aware that the ghola, moved by his own morality, may try to assassinate him before this can occur.
The Ixians send a new ambassador named Hwi Noree to serve Leto, and though he realizes that she has been specifically designed and trained to ensnare him, he cannot resist falling in love with her.
She agrees to marry him.
Leto tests Siona by taking her out to the middle of the desert.
After improperly using her stillsuit to preserve moisture, dehydration forces her to accept Leto's offer of spice essence from his body to replenish her.
Awakened to Leto's prophecy, known as the Golden Path, the experience convinces Siona of the importance of the Golden Path.
She remains dedicated to Leto's destruction, and an errant rainstorm demonstrates for her his mortal vulnerability to water.
Siona and Idaho overcome a searing mutual hatred of each other to plan an assassination.
As Leto's wedding procession to Tuono Village moves across a high bridge over a river, Siona orders one of her Fish Speakers to destroy the support beams with a lasgun.
The bridge collapses and Leto's entourage, including Hwi, plunge to their deaths into the river below.
Leto's body rends apart in the water; the sandtrout which are part of his body encyst the water and scurry off, while the worm portion burns and disintegrates on the shore.
A dying Leto reveals his secret breeding program among the Atreides to produce a human who is invisible to prescient vision.
Siona is the finished result, and she and her descendants will retain this ability.
He explains that humanity is now free to scatter throughout the universe, never again to face complete destruction.
After revealing the location of his secret spice hoard, Leto dies, leaving Duncan and Siona to face the task of managing the empire.
<EOS>
In 1604 Fawkes became involved with a small group of English Catholics, led by Robert Catesby, who planned to assassinate the Protestant King James and replace him with his daughter, third in the line of succession, Princess Elizabeth.
Fawkes was described by the Jesuit priest and former school friend Oswald Tesimond as "pleasant of approach and cheerful of manner, opposed to quarrels and strife&nbsp;.
loyal to his friends".
Tesimond also claimed Fawkes was "a man highly skilled in matters of war", and that it was this mixture of piety and professionalism which endeared him to his fellow conspirators.
The author Antonia Fraser describes Fawkes as "a tall, powerfully built man, with thick reddish-brown hair, a flowing moustache in the tradition of the time, and a bushy reddish-brown beard", and that he was "a man of action&nbsp;.
capable of intelligent argument as well as physical endurance, somewhat to the surprise of his enemies".
The first meeting of the five central conspirators took place on Sunday 20 May 1604, at an inn called the Duck and Drake, in the fashionable Strand district of London.
Catesby had already proposed at an earlier meeting with Thomas Wintour and John Wright to kill the King and his government by blowing up "the Parliament House with gunpowder".
Wintour, who at first objected to the plan, was convinced by Catesby to travel to the continent to seek help.
Wintour met with the Constable of Castile, the exiled Welsh spy Hugh Owen, and Sir William Stanley, who said that Catesby would receive no support from Spain.
Owen did, however, introduce Wintour to Fawkes, who had by then been away from England for many years, and thus was largely unknown in the country.
Wintour and Fawkes were contemporaries; each was militant, and had first-hand experience of the unwillingness of the Spaniards to help.
Wintour told Fawkes of their plan to "doe some whatt in Ingland if the pece with Spaine healped us nott", and thus in April 1604 the two men returned to England.
Wintour's news did not surprise Catesby; despite positive noises from the Spanish authorities, he feared that "the deeds would nott answere".
One of the conspirators, Thomas Percy, was promoted in June 1604, gaining access to a house in London that belonged to John Whynniard, Keeper of the King's Wardrobe.
Fawkes was installed as a caretaker and began using the pseudonym John Johnson, servant to Percy.
The contemporaneous account of the prosecution (taken from Thomas Wintour's confession) claimed that the conspirators attempted to dig a tunnel from beneath Whynniard's house to Parliament, although this story may have been a government fabrication; no evidence for the existence of a tunnel was presented by the prosecution, and no trace of one has ever been found; Fawkes himself did not admit the existence of such a scheme until his fifth interrogation, but even then he could not locate the tunnel.
If the story is true, however, by December 1604 the conspirators were busy tunnelling from their rented house to the House of Lords.
They ceased their efforts when, during tunnelling, they heard a noise from above.
Fawkes was sent out to investigate, and returned with the news that the tenant's widow was clearing out a nearby undercroft, directly beneath the House of Lords.
The plotters purchased the lease to the room, which also belonged to John Whynniard.
Unused and filthy, it was considered an ideal hiding place for the gunpowder the plotters planned to store.
According to Fawkes, 20&nbsp;barrels of gunpowder were brought in at first, followed by 16&nbsp;more on 20 July.
On 28 July however, the ever-present threat of the plague delayed the opening of Parliament until Tuesday, 5 November.
In an attempt to gain foreign support, in May 1605 Fawkes travelled overseas and informed Hugh Owen of the plotters' plan.
At some point during this trip his name made its way into the files of Robert Cecil, 1st Earl of Salisbury, who employed a network of spies across Europe.
One of these spies, Captain William Turner, may have been responsible.
Although the information he provided to Salisbury usually amounted to no more than a vague pattern of invasion reports, and included nothing which regarded the Gunpowder Plot, on 21 April he told how Fawkes was to be brought by Tesimond to England.
Fawkes was a well-known Flemish mercenary, and would be introduced to "Mr Catesby" and "honourable friends of the nobility and others who would have arms and horses in readiness".
Turner's report did not, however, mention Fawkes's pseudonym in England, John Johnson, and did not reach Cecil until late in November, well after the plot had been discovered.
It is uncertain when Fawkes returned to England, but he was back in London by late August 1605, when he and Wintour discovered that the gunpowder stored in the undercroft had decayed.
More gunpowder was brought into the room, along with firewood to conceal it.
Fawkes's final role in the plot was settled during a series of meetings in October.
He was to light the fuse and then escape across the Thames.
Simultaneously, a revolt in the Midlands would help to ensure the capture of Princess Elizabeth.
Acts of regicide were frowned upon, and Fawkes would therefore head to the continent, where he would explain to the Catholic powers his holy duty to kill the King and his retinue.
A few of the conspirators were concerned about fellow Catholics who would be present at Parliament during the opening.
On the evening of 26 October, Lord Monteagle received an anonymous letter warning him to stay away, and to "retyre youre self into yowre contee whence yow maye expect the event in safti for&nbsp;.
they shall receyve a terrible blowe this parleament".
Despite quickly becoming aware of the letterinformed by one of Monteagle's servantsthe conspirators resolved to continue with their plans, as it appeared that it "was clearly thought to be a hoax".
Fawkes checked the undercroft on 30 October, and reported that nothing had been disturbed.
Monteagle's suspicions had been aroused, however, and the letter was shown to King James.
The King ordered Sir Thomas Knyvet to conduct a search of the cellars underneath Parliament, which he did in the early hours of 5 November.
Fawkes had taken up his station late on the previous night, armed with a slow match and a watch given to him by Percy "becaus he should knowe howe the time went away".
He was found leaving the cellar, shortly after midnight, and arrested.
Inside, the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal.
Fawkes gave his name as John Johnson and was first interrogated by members of the King's Privy chamber, where he remained defiant.
When asked by one of the lords what he was doing in possession of so much gunpowder, Fawkes answered that his intention was "to blow you Scotch beggars back to your native mountains".
He identified himself as a 36-year-old Catholic from Netherdale in Yorkshire, and gave his father's name as Thomas and his mother's as Edith Jackson.
Wounds on his body noted by his questioners he explained as the effects of pleurisy.
Fawkes admitted his intention to blow up the House of Lords, and expressed regret at his failure to do so.
His steadfast manner earned him the admiration of King James, who described Fawkes as possessing "a Roman resolution".
James's admiration did not, however, prevent him from ordering on 6 November that "John Johnson" be tortured, to reveal the names of his co-conspirators.
He directed that the torture be light at first, referring to the use of manacles, but more severe if necessary, authorising the use of the rack: "the gentler Tortures are to be first used unto him et sic per gradus ad ima tenditur [and so by degrees proceeding to the worst]".
Fawkes was transferred to the Tower of London.
The King composed a list of questions to be put to "Johnson", such as "as to what he is, For I can never yet hear of any man that knows him", "When and where he learned to speak French.
", and "If he was a Papist, who brought him up in it.
" The room in which Fawkes was interrogated subsequently became known as the Guy Fawkes Room.
Sir William Waad, Lieutenant of the Tower, supervised the torture and obtained Fawkes's confession.
He searched his prisoner, and found a letter, addressed to Guy Fawkes.
To Waad's surprise, "Johnson" remained silent, revealing nothing about the plot or its authors.
On the night of 6 November he spoke with Waad, who reported to Salisbury "He [Johnson] told us that since he undertook this action he did every day pray to God he might perform that which might be for the advancement of the Catholic Faith and saving his own soul".
According to Waad, Fawkes managed to rest through the night, despite his being warned that he would be interrogated until "I had gotton the inwards secret of his thoughts and all his complices".
His composure was broken at some point during the following day.
The observer Sir Edward Hoby remarked "Since Johnson's being in the Tower, he beginneth to speak English".
Fawkes revealed his true identity on 7 November, and told his interrogators that there were five people involved in the plot to kill the King.
He began to reveal their names on 8 November, and told how they intended to place Princess Elizabeth on the throne.
His third confession, on 9 November, implicated Francis Tresham.
Following the Ridolfi plot of 1571 prisoners were made to dictate their confessions, before copying and signing them, if they still could.
Although it is uncertain if he was tortured on the rack, Fawkes's scrawled signature bears testament to the suffering he endured at the hands of his interrogators.
The trial of eight of the plotters began on Monday 27 January 1606.
Fawkes shared the barge from the Tower to Westminster Hall with seven of his co-conspirators.
They were kept in the Star Chamber before being taken to Westminster Hall, where they were displayed on a purpose-built scaffold.
The King and his close family, watching in secret, were among the spectators as the Lords Commissioners read out the list of charges.
Fawkes was identified as Guido Fawkes, "otherwise called Guido Johnson".
He pleaded not guilty, despite his apparent acceptance of guilt from the moment he was captured.
The outcome was never in doubt.
The jury found all the defendants guilty, and the Lord Chief Justice Sir John Popham found them guilty of high treason.
The Attorney General Sir Edward Coke told the court that each of the condemned would be drawn backwards to his death, by a horse, his head near the ground.
They were to be "put to death halfway between heaven and earth as unworthy of both".
Their genitals would be cut off and burnt before their eyes, and their bowels and hearts removed.
They would then be decapitated, and the dismembered parts of their bodies displayed so that they might become "prey for the fowls of the air".
Fawkes's and Tresham's testimony regarding the Spanish treason was read aloud, as well as confessions related specifically to the Gunpowder Plot.
The last piece of evidence offered was a conversation between Fawkes and Wintour, who had been kept in adjacent cells.
The two men apparently thought they had been speaking in private, but their conversation was intercepted by a government spy.
When the prisoners were allowed to speak, Fawkes explained his not guilty plea as ignorance of certain aspects of the indictment.
On 31 January 1606, Fawkes and three others&nbsp;– Thomas Wintour, Ambrose Rookwood, and Robert Keyes&nbsp;– were dragged (ie.
drawn) from the Tower on wattled hurdles to the Old Palace Yard at Westminster, opposite the building they had attempted to destroy.
His fellow plotters were then hanged and quartered.
Fawkes was the last to stand on the scaffold.
He asked for forgiveness of the King and state, while keeping up his "crosses and idle ceremonies" (Catholic practices).
Weakened by torture and aided by the hangman, Fawkes began to climb the ladder to the noose, but either through jumping to his death or climbing too high so the rope was incorrectly set, he managed to avoid the agony of the latter part of his execution by breaking his neck.
His lifeless body was nevertheless quartered and, as was the custom, his body parts were then distributed to "the four corners of the kingdom", to be displayed as a warning to other would-be traitors.
<EOS>
Gone with the Wind takes place in the southern United States in the state of Georgia during the American Civil War (1861–1865) and the Reconstruction Era (1865–1877).
The novel unfolds against the backdrop of rebellion wherein seven southern states initially, Georgia among them, have declared their secession from the United States (the "Union") and formed the Confederate States of America (the "Confederacy"), after Abraham Lincoln was elected president.
The Union refuses to accept secession and no compromise is found as war approaches.
The novel opens in April 1861 at "Tara," a plantation owned by Gerald O'Hara, an Irish immigrant who has become a successful planter, and his wife, Ellen Robillard O'Hara, from a coastal aristocratic family of French descent.
Their 16-year-old daughter, Scarlett, is not beautiful, but men seldom realized it once they were caught up in her charm.
It was the day before the men were called to war, Fort Sumter having been fired on two days earlier.
There are brief but vivid descriptions of the South as it began and grew, with backgrounds of the main characters: the stylish and highbrow French, the gentlemanly English, the forced-to-flee and looked-down-upon Irish.
Scarlett learns that one of her many beaux, Ashley Wilkes, will soon be engaged to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton.
She is heart-stricken.
The next day at the Wilkeses' barbecue at Twelve Oaks, Scarlett tells Ashley she loves him, and he admits he cares for her.
However, he knows he would not be happy if married to her because of their personality differences.
She loses her temper at him, and he silently takes it.
Rhett Butler, who has a reputation as a rogue, had been alone in the library when Ashley and Scarlett entered and felt it wiser to stay unseen during the argument.
Rhett applauds Scarlett for the "unladylike" spirit she displayed with Ashley.
Infuriated and humiliated, she tells Rhett, "You aren't fit to wipe his boots.
"  After rejoining the other party guests, she learns that war has been declared and the men are going to enlist.
Seeking revenge, Scarlett accepts a marriage proposal from Melanie's brother, Charles Hamilton.
They marry two weeks later.
Charles dies of pneumonia following the measles two months after the war begins.
As a young widow, Scarlet gives birth to her first child, Wade Hampton Hamilton, named after his father's general.
She is bound by custom to wear black and avoid conversation with young men.
Scarlett feels restricted by these conventions and bitterly misses her life as a young, unmarried woman.
Aunt Pittypat is living with Melanie in Atlanta and invites Scarlett to stay with them.
In Atlanta, Scarlett's spirits revive, and she is busy with hospital work and sewing circles for the Confederate Army.
Scarlett encounters Rhett Butler again at a benefit dance, where he is dressed like a dandy.
Although Rhett believes the war is a lost cause, he is blockade running for profit.
The men must bid for a dance with a lady, and Rhett bids "one hundred fifty dollars-in gold" for a dance with Scarlett.
They waltz to the tune of "When This Cruel War is Over," and Scarlett sings the words.
Others at the dance were shocked that Rhett would bid for a widow and that she would accept the dance while still wearing black (or widow's weeds).
Melanie defends her, arguing she is supporting the cause for which Melanie's husband, Ashley, is fighting.
At Christmas (1863), Ashley is granted a furlough from the army.
Melanie becomes pregnant with their first child.
The war is going badly for the Confederacy.
By September 1864 Atlanta is besieged from three sides.
The city becomes desperate and hundreds of wounded Confederate soldiers pour in.
Melanie goes into labor with only the inexperienced Scarlett to assist, as all the doctors are attending the soldiers.
Prissy, a young slave, cries out in despair and fear, "De Yankees is comin.
" In the chaos, Scarlett, left to fend for herself, cries for the comfort and safety of her mother and Tara.
The tattered Confederate States Army sets flame to Atlanta and abandons it to the Union Army.
Melanie gives birth to a boy, Beau, with Scarlett's assistance.
Scarlett then finds Rhett and begs him to take herself, Wade, Melanie, Beau, and Prissy to Tara.
Rhett laughs at the idea but steals an emaciated horse and a small wagon, and they follow the retreating army out of Atlanta.
Part way to Tara, Rhett has a change of heart and abandons Scarlett to enlist in the army (he later recounts that when they learned he had attended West Point, they put him in the artillery, which may have saved his life).
Scarlett then makes her way to Tara, where she is welcomed on the steps by her father, Gerald.
Things have drastically changed: Scarlett's mother is dead, her father has lost his mind with grief, her sisters are sick with typhoid fever, the field slaves left after Emancipation, the Yankees have burned all the cotton, and there is no food in the house.
Scarlett avows that she and her family will survive and never be hungry again.
The long tiring struggle for survival begins that has Scarlett working in the fields.
There are hungry people to feed and little food.
There is the ever-present threat of the Yankees who steal and burn.
At one point, a Yankee soldier trespasses on Tara, and it is implied that he would steal from the house and possibly rape Scarlett and Melanie.
Scarlett kills him with Charles's pistol, and sees that Melanie had also prepared to fight him with a sword.
A long post-war succession of Confederate soldiers returning home stop at Tara to find food and rest.
Eventually Ashley returns from the war, with his idealistic view of the world shattered.
Life at Tara slowly begins to recover when new taxes are levied on the plantation.
Scarlett knows only one man with enough money to help her: Rhett Butler.
She looks for him in Atlanta only to learn he is in jail.
Rhett refuses to give money to Scarlett, and leaving the jailhouse in fury, she runs into Frank Kennedy, who runs a store in Atlanta and is betrothed to Scarlett's sister, Suellen.
Realizing Frank also has money, Scarlett hatches a plot and tells Frank that Suellen will not marry him.
Frank succumbs to Scarlett's charms and he marries her two weeks later knowing he has done "something romantic and exciting for the first time in his life".
Always wanting her to be happy and radiant, Frank gives Scarlett the money to pay the taxes.
While Frank has a cold and is pampered by Aunt Pittypat, Scarlett goes over the accounts at Frank's store and finds that many owe him money.
Scarlett is now terrified about the taxes and decides money, a lot of it, is needed.
She takes control of the store, and her business practices leave many Atlantans resentful of her.
With a loan from Rhett she buys a sawmill and runs it herself, all scandalous conduct.
To Frank's relief, Scarlett learns she is pregnant, which curtails her "unladylike" activities for a while.
She convinces Ashley to come to Atlanta and manages the mill, all the while still in love with him.
At Melanie's urging, Ashley takes the job.
Melanie becomes the center of Atlanta society, and Scarlett gives birth to Ella Lorena: "Ella for her grandmother Ellen, and Lorena because it was the most fashionable name of the day for girls".
Georgia is under martial law, and life has taken on a new and more frightening tone.
For protection, Scarlett keeps Frank's pistol tucked in the upholstery of the buggy.
Her trips alone to and from the mill take her past a shantytown where criminal elements live.
While on her way home one evening, she is accosted by two men who try to rob her, but she escapes with the help of Big Sam, the former Negro foreman from Tara.
Attempting to avenge his wife, Frank and the Ku Klux Klan raid the shantytown whereupon Frank is shot dead.
Scarlett is a widow again.
To keep the raiders from being arrested, Rhett puts on a charade.
He walks into the Wilkeses' home with Hugh Elsing and Ashley, singing and pretending to be drunk.
Yankee officers outside question Rhett, and he says he and the other men had been at Belle Watling's brothel that evening, a story Belle later confirms to the officers.
The men are indebted to Rhett, and his Scallawag reputation among them improves a notch, but the men's wives, except Melanie, are livid at owing their husbands' lives to Belle Watling.
Frank Kennedy lies in a casket in the quiet stillness of the parlor in Aunt Pittypat's home.
Scarlett is remorseful.
She is swigging brandy from Aunt Pitty's swoon bottle when Rhett comes to call.
She tells him tearfully, "I'm afraid I'll die and go to hell".
He says, "Maybe there isn't a hell".
Before she can cry any further, he asks her to marry him, saying, "I always intended having you, one way or another".
She says she doesn't love him and doesn't want to be married again.
However, he kisses her passionately, and in the heat of the moment she agrees to marry him.
One year later, Scarlett and Rhett announce their engagement, which becomes the talk of the town.
mr and mrs Butler honeymoon in New Orleans, spending lavishly.
Upon returning to Atlanta, they stay in the bridal suite at the National Hotel while their new home on Peachtree Street is being built.
Scarlett chooses a modern Swiss chalet style home like the one she saw in Harper's Weekly, with red wallpaper, thick red carpet, and black walnut furniture.
Rhett describes it as an "architectural horror".
Shortly after they move into their new home, the sardonic jabs between them turn into full-blown quarrels.
Scarlett wonders why Rhett married her.
Then "with real hate in her eyes", she tells Rhett she will have a baby, which she does not want.
Wade is seven years old in 1869 when his half-sister, Eugenie Victoria, named after two queens, is born.
She has blue eyes like Gerald O'Hara, and Melanie nicknames her, "Bonnie Blue," in reference to the Bonnie Blue Flag of the Confederacy.
When Scarlett is feeling well again, she makes a trip to the mill and talks to Ashley, who is alone in the office.
In their conversation, she comes away believing Ashley still loves her and is jealous of her intimate relations with Rhett, which excites her.
She returns home and tells Rhett she does not want more children.
From then on, they sleep separately, and when Bonnie is two years old, she sleeps in a little bed beside Rhett (with the light on all night because she is afraid of the dark).
Rhett turns his attention toward Bonnie, dotes on her, spoils her, and worries about her reputation when she is older.
Melanie is giving a surprise birthday party for Ashley.
Scarlett goes to the mill to keep Ashley there until party time, a rare opportunity for her to see him alone.
When she sees him, she feels "sixteen again, a little breathless and excited".
Ashley tells her how pretty she looks, and they reminisce about the days when they were young and talk about their lives now.
Suddenly Scarlett's eyes fill with tears, and Ashley holds her head against his chest.
Ashley sees his sister, India Wilkes, standing in the doorway.
Before the party has even begun, a rumor of an affair between Ashley and Scarlett spreads, and Rhett and Melanie hear it.
Melanie refuses to accept any criticism of her sister-in-law, and India Wilkes is banished from the Wilkeses' home for it, causing a rift in the family.
Rhett, more drunk than Scarlett has ever seen him, returns home from the party long after Scarlett.
His eyes are bloodshot, and his mood is dark and violent.
He enjoins Scarlett to drink with him.
Not wanting him to know she is fearful of him, she throws back a drink and gets up from her chair to go back to her bedroom.
He stops her and pins her shoulders to the wall.
She tells him he is jealous of Ashley, and Rhett accuses her of "crying for the moon" over Ashley.
He tells her they could have been happy together saying, "for I loved you and I know you".
He then takes her in his arms and carries her up the stairs to her bedroom, where it is strongly implied that he rapes her—or, possibly, that they have consensual sex following the argument.
Next morning Rhett leaves for Charleston and New Orleans with Bonnie.
Scarlett finds herself missing him, but she is still unsure if Rhett loves her, having said it while drunk.
She learns she is pregnant with her fourth child.
When Rhett returns, Scarlett waits for him at the top of the stairs.
She wonders if Rhett will kiss her, but to her irritation, he does not.
He says she looks pale.
She says it's because she is pregnant.
He sarcastically asks if the father is Ashley.
She calls Rhett a cad and tells him no woman would want his baby.
He says, "Cheer up, maybe you'll have a miscarriage".
She lunges at him, but he dodges, and she tumbles backwards down the stairs.
She is seriously ill for the first time in her life, having lost her child and broken her ribs.
Rhett is remorseful, believing he has killed her.
Sobbing and drunk, he buries his head in Melanie's lap and confesses he had been a jealous cad.
Scarlett, who is thin and pale, goes to Tara, taking Wade and Ella with her, to regain her strength and vitality from "the green cotton fields of home".
When she returns healthy to Atlanta, she sells the mills to Ashley.
She finds Rhett's attitude has noticeably changed.
He is sober, kinder, polite—and seemingly disinterested.
Though she misses the old Rhett at times, Scarlett is content to leave well enough alone.
Bonnie is four years old in 1873.
Spirited and willful, she has her father wrapped around her finger and giving into her every demand.
Even Scarlett is jealous of the attention Bonnie gets.
Rhett rides his horse around town with Bonnie in front of him, but Mammy insists it is not fitting for a girl to ride a horse with her dress flying up.
Rhett heeds her words and buys Bonnie a Shetland pony, whom she names "Mr.
Butler," and teaches her to ride sidesaddle.
Then Rhett pays a boy named Wash twenty-five cents to teach mr Butler to jump over wood bars.
When mr Butler is able to get his fat legs over a one-foot bar, Rhett puts Bonnie on the pony, and soon mr Butler is leaping bars and Aunt Melly's rose bushes.
Wearing her blue velvet riding habit with a red feather in her black hat, Bonnie pleads with her father to raise the bar to one and a half feet.
He gives in, warning her not to come crying if she falls.
Bonnie yells to her mother, "Watch me take this one.
" The pony gallops towards the wood bar, but trips over it.
Bonnie breaks her neck in the fall, and dies.
In the dark days and months following Bonnie's death, Rhett is often drunk and disheveled, while Scarlett, though deeply bereaved also, seems to hold up under the strain.
With the untimely death of Melanie Wilkes a short time later, Rhett decides he only wants the calm dignity of the genial South he once knew in his youth and leaves Atlanta to find it.
Meanwhile, Scarlett dreams of love that has eluded her for so long.
However, she still has Tara and knows she can win Rhett back, because "tomorrow is another day".
<EOS>
The former cast of the once-popular television space-adventure series Galaxy Quest spend most of their days attending fan conventions and promotional stunts.
Though Jason Nesmith (Allen), who played the commander of the NSEA Protector, thrives with the attention, the other cast members—Alexander Dane (Rickman) as the ship's alien science officer, Fred Kwan (Shalhoub) as the chief engineer, Gwen DeMarco (Weaver) as the computer officer, and Tommy Webber (Mitchell) as a precocious child pilot—all resent these events.
During one event, Nesmith is approached by Mathesar (Colantoni) and others calling themselves "Thermians" and request his assistance, which he agrees to, thinking this is a planned and paying fan event.
Later at that same convention, Nesmith becomes despondent after overhearing attendees speaking of him as a laughing stock by fans and his fellow actors, and he loses his temper with an avid fan, Brandon (Long).
After Nesmith spends the night drinking heavily, the Thermians arrive to pick up a hungover Nesmith in the limo he had requested.
Unaware that they are truly octopoidal aliens, using technology to appear human, the barely conscious Nesmith is oblivious to his limo being beamed aboard the Thermian's spaceship.
Aboard their ship in deep space, Nesmith goes through the motions of commanding the ship and asks to be returned home.
When they send him back to Earth via a transporter, Nesmith realizes that it is all real.
He races to meet his cast, accidentally bumping into Brandon and misplacing a Thermian communicator Mathasar gave him with Brandon's fan-made replica.
Nesmith eagerly relates his experience to the crew, who think he is drunk again.
When another Thermian appears and request the entire crew's help, Nesmith manages to convince them, along with their handler Guy Fleegman (Rockwell), an actor who played a unnamed security officer on one episode before being killed off, to come along.
They are all transported to a perfect reproduction of the NSEA Protector in deep space, and are shocked by the reality of the situation.
Mathesar begs the crew to command the Protector, as Nesmith's previous actions (namely, attacking the opposing ship) have enraged Sarris (Sachs), a reptilian humanoid that seeks to wipe out the Thermians.
While they were able to recreate the ship from the broadcast episodes, the Thermians have no idea how to pilot it.
The crew hesitantly take the controls, and despite their ineptitude, the Thermians cheer them on.
After the second encounter with Sarris' ship, they barely evade his attack by flying through a minefield, severely damaging the ship.
The humans take a shuttle to a nearby planet to find a replacement beryllium sphere as a new power source.
They manage to secure the sphere after a run-in with the hostile alien species on the planet.
Once back aboard the Protector, they find that Sarris and his soldiers have captured the ship.
Sarris interrogates the humans, discovering they are only actors, and recognizes that the Thermians have no concept of fiction, believing the show to have been real.
Sarris sets the Protector to self-destruct and departs, leaving a few sacrificial soldiers to guard the humans.
Nesmith and Dane use a gambit from the show to engineer their escape, and then Nesmith orders his fellow cast members to help rescue the other Thermians, finish repairs to the Protector, and prepare to engage Sarris in combat.
Nesmith and DeMarco then set off into the bowels of the ship to stop the self-destruct sequence, using help from Brandon and his group of friends via the swapped communication device.
Along the way, they encounter Omega 13, a plot device introduced in the final episode but never used; Brandon notes it could either destroy all matter in the universe or rewind time by 13 seconds, "enough time to undo one mistake".
Having finally accepted their roles on the ship and gained confidence in themselves, Nesmith and his crew use the minefield as a weapon against Sarris' ship, destroying it.
They prepare to head to Earth when Sarris, who has transported over at the last moment, starts killing the crew.
A desperate Nesmith activates the Omega 13, which reverses time far enough for him to knock out Sarris.
They near a wormhole to return the humans home via the command module, and Nesmith assures Mathesar he has the ability to command the Protector along with the other Thermians.
The humans, along with Laliari (Pyle), a Thermian that has fallen in love with Kwan, return home.
Guided in by fireworks set by Brandon and his friends, the command module makes a crash landing near a fan convention and comes to a stop after bursting through one wall, which the audience takes as part of the show.
As the crew exits the module, Sarris wakes up and tries to fire on them, but Nesmith reacts faster, and disintegrates Sarris with a phaser-like weapon.
The crowd believes this to also be part of the show erupts into cheers.
The buzz from the event leads Galaxy Quest to be revived as a new series, starring the same cast along with Fleegman and Laliari.
<EOS>
The film begins with a narrator, called The Scientist (Bela Lugosi), making cryptic comments about humanity.
He first comments that humanity's constant search for the unknown, results in startling things coming to light.
But most of these "new" discoveries are actually quite old, to which he refers to as "the signs of the ages".
Later, the scene turns to the streets of a city, with the narrator commenting that each human has his/her own thoughts, ideas, and personality.
He makes further comments on human life, while sounds accompany some comments.
The cries of a newborn baby are followed by the sirens of an ambulance.
One is a sign that a new life has begun, the other that a life has ended.
This last comment starts the narrative of the film.
The life which has ended is that of a transvestite named Patrick/Patricia, who has committed suicide.
A scene opens with his/her corpse in a small room.
Within the room is an unidentified man who opens the door to a physician, a photographer, and the police.
A suicide note explains the reasons behind the suicide.
Patrick/Patricia had been arrested four times for cross-dressing in public, and had spent time in prison.
Since he/she would continue wearing women's clothing, subsequent arrests and imprisonment were only a matter of time.
So he/she ended his/her own life and wishes to be buried with his/her women's clothing.
"Let my body rest in death forever, in the things I cannot wear in life".
Inspector Warren is puzzled and wants to know more about cross-dressing.
So he seeks the office of dr Alton, who narrates for him the story of Glen/Glenda.
Glen is shown studying women's clothes in a shop window.
dr Alton points out that men's clothes are dull and restrictive, whereas women can adorn themselves with attractive and comfortable clothing.
The narrative explains that Glen is a transvestite, but not a homosexual.
He hides his cross-dressing from his fiancée, Barbara, fearing that she will reject him.
Alton narrates that Glen is torn between the idea of being honest with Barbara before their wedding, or waiting until after.
The narrative shifts briefly from Glen's story to how society reacts to sex change operations.
A conversation between two "average joes", concludes that society should be more "lenient" when it comes to people with tranvestite tendencies.
The story returns to Glen, who confides in a transvestite friend of his, John, whose wife left him after catching him wearing her clothes.
Later, a scene opens with Glenda walking the city streets at night.
He/she returns home in obvious anguish, when the sound of thunder causes him/her to collapse to the floor.
The Scientist cryptically comments "Beware.
Beware.
Beware of the big, green dragon that sits on your doorstep.
He eats little boys, puppy dog tails, and big, fat snails.
Take care.
Beware.
" This serves as the introduction to an extended dream sequence.
The dream opens with Barbara anguished at seeing Glenda.
Then Barbara is depicted trapped under a tree, while the room around is in a chaotic state.
Glenda fails to lift the tree and rescue Barbara.
Glenda is replaced by Glen, who completes the task with ease.
The dream then depicts Glen and Barbara getting married.
The priest seems normal but the best man is a stereotypical devil, smiling ominously, suggesting that this marriage is damned.
The dream shifts to the Scientist, who seems to speak to the unseen dragon, asking it what it eats.
The voice of a little girl provides the answers in an apparently mocking tone.
The dreams continues with a strange series of vignettes.
A woman is whipped by a shirtless man in a BDSM-themed vignette.
Several women "flirt and partially disrobe" for an unseen audience.
A woman tears apart her dress in a dramatic manner, then starts a coy striptease.
The whipped woman from an earlier vignette appears alone in an autoerotic session.
Her pleasure is interrupted by another woman who forcibly binds and gags her.
Another woman has a similar autoerotic session and then falls asleep.
As she sleeps, a predatory male approaches and rapes her, with the victim seeming partially willing by the end of it.
Throughout these vignettes, the faces of Glen and the Scientist appear.
They seem to be silently reacting to the various images.
The dream returns to Glen, who is haunted by sounds of mocking voices and howling winds.
He is soon confronted by two spectral figures.
A blackboard appears, with messages recording what the Scientist or the mocking voices said in previous scenes.
A large number of spectres appear, all gazing at him with disapproval, as if serving as the jury of public opinion on his perceived deviance.
The mocking voices return.
The Devil and the various spectres menacingly approach Glen.
Then the Devil departs, Glen turns into Glenda, and the spectres retreat.
A victorious Glenda sees Barbara and approaches her, but she turns into a mocking Devil.
Barbara starts appearing and disappearing, always evading Glenda's embrace.
Then she starts  mocking her lover.
The Devil and spectres also shift to mocking Glenda.
The dream sequence ends.
Glen/Glenda wakes and stares at his/her mirror reflection.
He/she decides to tell Barbara the truth.
She initially reacts with distress, but ultimately decides to stay with him.
She offers him/her an angora sweater as a sign of acceptance.
The scene effectively concludes their story.
Back in dr Alton's office, he starts another narrative.
This one concerns another tranvestite, called Alan/Ann.
He was born a boy, but his mother wanted a girl and raised him as such.
His/Her father did not care either way.
He/She was an outsider as a schoolboy, trying to be one of the girls and consequently rejected by schoolmates of both sexes.
As a teenager, he/she self-identified as a woman.
He/she was conscripted in World War II, maintaining a secret life throughout his/her military service.
He/she first heard of sex change operations during the War while recovering from combat wounds in a hospital.
He/she eventually did have a sex change operation, enduring the associated pains to fulfill his/her dreams.
The World War II veteran becomes a "lovely young lady".
Following a brief epilogue, the film ends.
<EOS>
The conspirators' principal aim was to kill King James, but many other important targets would also be present at the State Opening, including the monarch's nearest relatives and members of the Privy Council.
The senior judges of the English legal system, most of the Protestant aristocracy, and the bishops of the Church of England would all have attended in their capacity as members of the House of Lords, along with the members of the House of Commons.
Another important objective was the kidnapping of the King's daughter, third in the line of succession, Princess Elizabeth.
Housed at Coombe Abbey near Coventry, the Princess lived only ten miles north of Warwick—convenient for the plotters, most of whom lived in the Midlands.
Once the King and his Parliament were dead, the plotters intended to install Elizabeth on the English throne as a titular Queen.
The fate of Princes Henry and Charles would be improvised; their role in state ceremonies was, as yet, uncertain.
The plotters planned to use Henry Percy, Earl of Northumberland, as Elizabeth's Protector, but most likely never informed him of this.
Robert Catesby (1573–1605), a man of "ancient, historic and distinguished lineage", was the inspiration behind the plot.
He was described by contemporaries as "a good-looking man, about six feet tall, athletic and a good swordsman".
Along with several other conspirators, he took part in the Earl of Essex's rebellion in 1601, during which he was wounded and captured.
Queen Elizabeth allowed him to escape with his life after fining him 4,000&nbsp;marks (equivalent to more than £6&nbsp;million in 2008), after which he sold his estate in Chastleton.
In 1603 Catesby helped to organise a mission to the new king of Spain, Philip III, urging Philip to launch an invasion attempt on England, which they assured him would be well supported, particularly by the English Catholics.
Thomas Wintour (1571–1606) was chosen as the emissary, but the Spanish king, although sympathetic to the plight of Catholics in England, was intent on making peace with James.
Wintour had also attempted to convince the Spanish envoy Don Juan de Tassis that "3,000 Catholics" were ready and waiting to support such an invasion.
Concern was voiced by Pope Clement VIII that using violence to achieve a restoration of Catholic power in England would result in the destruction of those that remained.
According to contemporary accounts, in February 1604 Catesby invited Thomas Wintour to his house in Lambeth, where they discussed Catesby's plan to re-establish Catholicism in England by blowing up the House of Lords during the State Opening of Parliament.
Wintour was known as a competent scholar, able to speak several languages, and he had fought with the English army in the Netherlands.
His uncle, Francis Ingleby, had been executed for being a Catholic priest in 1586, and Wintour later converted to Catholicism.
Also present at the meeting was John Wright, a devout Catholic said to be one of the best swordsmen of his day, and a man who had taken part with Catesby in the Earl of Essex's rebellion three years earlier.
Despite his reservations over the possible repercussions should the attempt fail, Wintour agreed to join the conspiracy, perhaps persuaded by Catesby's rhetoric: "Let us give the attempt and where it faileth, pass no further".
Wintour travelled to Flanders to enquire about Spanish support.
While there he sought out Guy Fawkes (1570–1606), a committed Catholic who had served as a soldier in the Southern Netherlands under the command of William Stanley, and who in 1603 was recommended for a captaincy.
Accompanied by John Wright's brother Christopher, Fawkes had also been a member of the 1603 delegation to the Spanish court pleading for an invasion of England.
Wintour told Fawkes that "some good frends of his wished his company in Ingland", and that certain gentlemen "were uppon a resolution to doe some whatt in Ingland if the pece with Spain healped us nott".
The two men returned to England late in April 1604, telling Catesby that Spanish support was unlikely.
Thomas Percy, Catesby's friend and John Wright's brother-in-law, was introduced to the plot several weeks later.
Percy had found employment with his kinsman the Earl of Northumberland, and by 1596 was his agent for the family's northern estates.
About 1600–1601 he served with his patron in the Low Countries.
At some point during Northumberland's command in the Low Countries, Percy became his agent in his communications with James.
Percy was reputedly a "serious" character who had converted to the Catholic faith.
His early years were, according to a Catholic source, marked by a tendency to rely on "his sword and personal courage".
Northumberland, although not a Catholic himself, planned to build a strong relationship with James in order to better the prospects of English Catholics, and to reduce the family disgrace caused by his separation from his wife Martha Wright, a favourite of Elizabeth.
Thomas Percy's meetings with James seemed to go well.
Percy returned with promises of support for the Catholics, and Northumberland believed that James would go so far as to allow Mass in private houses, so as not to cause public offence.
Percy, keen to improve his standing, went further, claiming that the future King would guarantee the safety of English Catholics.
The first meeting between the five conspirators took place on 20&nbsp;May 1604, probably at the Duck and Drake Inn, just off the Strand, Thomas Wintour's usual residence when staying in London.
Catesby, Thomas Wintour, and John Wright were in attendance, joined by Guy Fawkes and Thomas Percy.
Alone in a private room, the five plotters swore an oath of secrecy on a prayer book.
By coincidence, and ignorant of the plot, Father John Gerard (a friend of Catesby's) was celebrating Mass in another room, and the five men subsequently received the Eucharist.
Following their oath, the plotters left London and returned to their homes.
The adjournment of Parliament gave them, they thought, until February 1605 to finalise their plans.
On 9&nbsp;June, Percy's patron, the Earl of Northumberland, appointed him to the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen at Arms, a mounted troop of 50&nbsp;bodyguards to the King.
This role gave Percy reason to seek a base in London, and a small property near the Prince's Chamber owned by Henry Ferrers, a tenant of John Whynniard, was chosen.
Percy arranged for the use of the house through Northumberland's agents, Dudley Carleton and John Hippisley.
Fawkes, using the pseudonym "John Johnson", took charge of the building, posing as Percy's servant.
The building was occupied by Scottish commissioners appointed by the King to consider his plans for the unification of England and Scotland, so the plotters hired Catesby's lodgings in Lambeth, on the opposite bank of the Thames, from where their stored gunpowder and other supplies could be conveniently rowed across each night.
Meanwhile, King James continued with his policies against the Catholics, and Parliament pushed through anti-Catholic legislation, until its adjournment on 7&nbsp;July.
The conspirators returned to London in October 1604, when Robert Keyes, a "desperate man, ruined and indebted", was admitted to the group.
His responsibility was to take charge of Catesby's house in Lambeth, where the gunpowder and other supplies were to be stored.
Keyes's family had notable connections; his wife's employer was the Catholic Lord Mordaunt.
Tall, with a red beard, he was seen as trustworthy and, like Fawkes, capable of looking after himself.
In December Catesby recruited his servant, Thomas Bates, into the plot, after the latter accidentally became aware of it.
It was announced on 24&nbsp;December that the re-opening of Parliament would be delayed.
Concern over the plague meant that rather than sitting in February, as the plotters had originally planned for, Parliament would not sit again until 3&nbsp;October 1605.
The contemporaneous account of the prosecution claimed that during this delay the conspirators were digging a tunnel beneath Parliament.
This may have been a government fabrication, as no evidence for the existence of a tunnel was presented by the prosecution, and no trace of one has ever been found.
The account of a tunnel comes directly from Thomas Wintour's confession, and Guy Fawkes did not admit the existence of such a scheme until his fifth interrogation.
Logistically, digging a tunnel would have proved extremely difficult, especially as none of the conspirators had any experience of mining.
If the story is true, by 6&nbsp;December the Scottish commissioners had finished their work, and the conspirators were busy tunnelling from their rented house to the House of Lords.
They ceased their efforts when, during tunnelling, they heard a noise from above.
The noise turned out to be the then-tenant's widow, who was clearing out the undercroft directly beneath the House of Lords—the room where the plotters eventually stored the gunpowder.
By the time the plotters reconvened at the start of the old style new year on Lady Day, 25&nbsp;March, three more had been admitted to their ranks; Robert Wintour, John Grant, and Christopher Wright.
The additions of Wintour and Wright were obvious choices.
Along with a small fortune, Robert Wintour inherited Huddington Court (a known refuge for priests) near Worcester, and was reputedly a generous and well-liked man.
A devout Catholic, he married Gertrude Talbot, who was from a family of recusants.
Christopher Wright (1568–1605), John's brother, had also taken part in the Earl of Essex's revolt and had moved his family to Twigmore in Lincolnshire, then known as something of a haven for priests.
John Grant was married to Wintour's sister, Dorothy, and was lord of the manor of Norbrook near Stratford-upon-Avon.
Reputed to be an intelligent, thoughtful man, he sheltered Catholics at his home at Snitterfield, and was another who had been involved in the Essex revolt of 1601.
In addition, 25&nbsp;March was the day on which the plotters purchased the lease to the undercroft they had supposedly tunnelled near to, owned by John Whynniard.
The Palace of Westminster in the early 17th century was a warren of buildings clustered around the medieval chambers, chapels, and halls of the former royal palace that housed both Parliament and the various royal law courts.
The old palace was easily accessible; merchants, lawyers, and others lived and worked in the lodgings, shops, and taverns within its precincts.
Whynniard's building was along a right-angle to the House of Lords, alongside a passageway called Parliament Place, which itself led to Parliament Stairs and the River Thames.
Undercrofts were common features at the time, used to house a variety of materials including food and firewood.
Whynniard's undercroft, on the ground floor, was directly beneath the first-floor House of Lords, and may once have been part of the palace's medieval kitchen.
Unused and filthy, its location was ideal for what the group planned to do.
In the second week of June Catesby met in London the principal Jesuit in England, Father Henry Garnet, and asked him about the morality of entering into an undertaking which might involve the destruction of the innocent, together with the guilty.
Garnet answered that such actions could often be excused, but according to his own account later admonished Catesby during a second meeting in July in Essex, showing him a letter from the pope which forbade rebellion.
Soon after, the Jesuit priest Oswald Tesimond told Garnet he had taken Catesby's confession, in the course of which he had learnt of the plot.
Garnet and Catesby met for a third time on 24&nbsp;July 1605, at the house of the wealthy catholic Anne Vaux in Enfield Chase.
Garnet decided that Tesimond's account had been given under the seal of the confessional, and that canon law therefore forbade him to repeat what he had heard.
Without acknowledging that he was aware of the precise nature of the plot, Garnet attempted to dissuade Catesby from his course, to no avail.
Garnet wrote to a colleague in Rome, Claudio Acquaviva, expressing his concerns about open rebellion in England.
He also told Acquaviva that "there is a risk that some private endeavour may commit treason or use force against the King", and urged the pope to issue a public brief against the use of force.
According to Fawkes, 20&nbsp;barrels of gunpowder were brought in at first, followed by 16&nbsp;more on 20&nbsp;July.
The supply of gunpowder was theoretically controlled by the government, but it was easily obtained from illicit sources.
On 28&nbsp;July, the ever-present threat of the plague again delayed the opening of Parliament, this time until Tuesday 5&nbsp;November.
Fawkes left the country for a short time.
The King, meanwhile, spent much of the summer away from the city, hunting.
He stayed wherever was convenient, including on occasion at the houses of prominent Catholics.
Garnet, convinced that the threat of an uprising had receded, travelled the country on a pilgrimage.
It is uncertain when Fawkes returned to England, but he was back in London by late August, when he and Wintour discovered that the gunpowder stored in the undercroft had decayed.
More gunpowder was brought into the room, along with firewood to conceal it.
The final three conspirators were recruited in late 1605.
At Michaelmas, Catesby persuaded the staunchly Catholic Ambrose Rookwood to rent Clopton House near Stratford-upon-Avon.
Rookwood was a young man with recusant connections, whose stable of horses at Coldham Hall in Stanningfield, Suffolk was an important factor in his enlistment.
His parents, Robert Rookwood and Dorothea Drury, were wealthy landowners, and had educated their son at a Jesuit school near Calais.
Everard Digby was a young man who was generally well liked, and lived at Gayhurst House in Buckinghamshire.
He had been knighted by the King in April 1603, and was converted to Catholicism by Gerard.
Digby and his wife, Mary Mulshaw, had accompanied the priest on his pilgrimage, and the two men were reportedly close friends.
Digby was asked by Catesby to rent Coughton Court near Alcester.
Digby also promised £1,500 after Percy failed to pay the rent due for the properties he had taken in Westminster.
Finally, on 14&nbsp;October Catesby invited Francis Tresham into the conspiracy.
Tresham was the son of the Catholic Thomas Tresham, and a cousin to Robert Catesby—the two had been raised together.
He was also the heir to his father's large fortune, which had been depleted by recusant fines, expensive tastes, and by Francis and Catesby's involvement in the Essex revolt.
Catesby and Tresham met at the home of Tresham's brother-in-law and cousin, Lord Stourton.
In his confession, Tresham claimed that he had asked Catesby if the plot would damn their souls, to which Catesby had replied it would not, and that the plight of England's Catholics required that it be done.
Catesby also apparently asked for £2,000, and the use of Rushton Hall in Northamptonshire.
Tresham declined both offers (although he did give £100 to Thomas Wintour), and told his interrogators that he had moved his family from Rushton to London in advance of the plot; hardly the actions of a guilty man, he claimed.
The details of the plot were finalised in October, in a series of taverns across London and Daventry.
Fawkes would be left to light the fuse and then escape across the Thames, while simultaneously a revolt in the Midlands would help to ensure the capture of Princess Elizabeth.
Fawkes would leave for the continent, to explain events in England to the European Catholic powers.
The wives of those involved and Anne Vaux (a friend of Garnet who often shielded priests at her home) became increasingly concerned by what they suspected was about to happen.
Several of the conspirators expressed worries about the safety of fellow Catholics who would be present in Parliament on the day of the planned explosion.
Percy was concerned for his patron, Northumberland, and the young Earl of Arundel's name was brought up; Catesby suggested that a minor wound might keep him from the chamber on that day.
The Lords Vaux, Montague, Monteagle, and Stourton were also mentioned.
Keyes suggested warning Lord Mordaunt, his wife's employer, to derision from Catesby.
On Saturday 26&nbsp;October, Monteagle (Tresham's brother-in-law) received an anonymous letter while at his house in Hoxton.
Having broken the seal, he handed the letter to a servant who read it aloud:  Uncertain of the letter's meaning, Monteagle promptly rode to Whitehall and handed it to Cecil (then Earl of Salisbury).
Salisbury informed the Earl of Worcester, considered to have recusant sympathies, and the suspected papist Henry Howard, 1st Earl of Northampton, but kept news of the plot from the King, who was busy hunting in Cambridgeshire and not expected back for several days.
Monteagle's servant, Thomas Ward, had family connections with the Wright brothers, and sent a message to Catesby about the betrayal.
Catesby, who had been due to go hunting with the King, suspected that Tresham was responsible for the letter, and with Thomas Wintour confronted the recently recruited conspirator.
Tresham managed to convince the pair that he had not written the letter, but urged them to abandon the plot.
Salisbury was already aware of certain stirrings before he received the letter, but did not yet know the exact nature of the plot, or who exactly was involved.
He therefore elected to wait, to see how events unfolded.
The letter was shown to the King on Friday 1 November following his arrival back in London.
Upon reading it, James immediately seized upon the word "blow" and felt that it hinted at "some strategem of fire and powder", perhaps an explosion exceeding in violence the one that killed his father, Lord Darnley, at Kirk o' Field in 1567.
Keen not to seem too intriguing, and wanting to allow the King to take the credit for unveiling the conspiracy, Salisbury feigned ignorance.
The following day members of the Privy Council visited the King at the Palace of Whitehall and informed him that, based on the information that Salisbury had given them a week earlier, on Monday the Lord Chamberlain Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk would undertake a search of the Houses of Parliament, "both above and below".
On Sunday 3&nbsp;November Percy, Catesby and Wintour had a final meeting, where Percy told his colleagues that they should "abide the uttermost triall", and reminded them of their ship waiting at anchor on the Thames.
By 4&nbsp;November Digby was ensconced with a "hunting party" at Dunchurch, ready to abduct Princess Elizabeth.
The same day, Percy visited the Earl of Northumberland—who was uninvolved in the conspiracy—to see if he could discern what rumours surrounded the letter to Monteagle.
Percy returned to London and assured Wintour, John Wright, and Robert Keyes that they had nothing to be concerned about, and returned to his lodgings on Gray's Inn Road.
That same evening Catesby, likely accompanied by John Wright and Bates, set off for the Midlands.
Fawkes visited Keyes, and was given a pocket watch left by Percy, to time the fuse, and an hour later Rookwood received several engraved swords from a local cutler.
Although two accounts of the number of searches and their timing exist, according to the King's version, the first search of the buildings in and around Parliament was made on Monday 4&nbsp;November—as the plotters were busy making their final preparations—by Suffolk, Monteagle, and John Whynniard.
They found a large pile of firewood in the undercroft beneath the House of Lords, accompanied by what they presumed to be a serving man (Fawkes), who told them that the firewood belonged to his master, Thomas Percy.
They left to report their findings, at which time Fawkes also left the building.
The mention of Percy's name aroused further suspicion as he was already known to the authorities as a Catholic agitator.
The King insisted that a more thorough search be undertaken.
Late that night, the search party, headed by Thomas Knyvet, returned to the undercroft.
They again found Fawkes, dressed in a cloak and hat, and wearing boots and spurs.
He was arrested, whereupon he gave his name as John Johnson.
He was carrying a lantern now held in the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, and a search of his person revealed a pocket watch, several slow matches and touchwood.
36 barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of faggots and coal.
Fawkes was taken to the King early on the morning of 5&nbsp;November.
As news of "John Johnson's" arrest spread among the plotters still in London, most fled northwest, along Watling Street.
Christopher Wright and Thomas Percy left together.
Rookwood left soon after, and managed to cover 30&nbsp;miles in two hours on one horse.
He overtook Keyes, who had set off earlier, then Wright and Percy at Little Brickhill, before catching Catesby, John Wright, and Bates on the same road.
Reunited, the group continued northwest to Dunchurch, using horses provided by Digby.
Keyes went to Mordaunt's house at Drayton.
Meanwhile, Thomas Wintour stayed in London, and even went to Westminster to see what was happening.
When he realised the plot had been uncovered, he took his horse and made for his sister's house at Norbrook, before continuing to Huddington Court.
The group of six conspirators stopped at Ashby St Ledgers at about 6&nbsp;pm, where they met Robert Wintour and updated him on their situation.
They then continued on to Dunchurch, and met with Digby.
Catesby convinced him that despite the plot's failure, an armed struggle was still a real possibility.
He announced to Digby's "hunting party" that the King and Salisbury were dead, before the fugitives moved west to Warwick.
In London, news of the plot was spreading, and the authorities set extra guards on the city gates, closed the ports, and protected the house of the Spanish Ambassador, which was surrounded by an angry mob.
An arrest warrant was issued against Thomas Percy, and his patron, the Earl of Northumberland, was placed under house arrest.
In "John Johnson's" initial interrogation he revealed nothing other than the name of his mother, and that he was from Yorkshire.
A letter to Guy Fawkes was discovered on his person, but he claimed that name was one of his aliases.
Far from denying his intentions, "Johnson" stated that it had been his purpose to destroy the King and Parliament.
Nevertheless, he maintained his composure and insisted that he had acted alone.
His unwillingness to yield so impressed the King that he described him as possessing "a Roman resolution".
On 6 November, the Lord Chief Justice, Sir John Popham (a man with a deep-seated hatred of Catholics) questioned Rookwood's servants.
By the evening he had learned the names of several of those involved in the conspiracy: Catesby, Rookwood, Keyes, Wynter , John and Christopher Wright, and Grant.
"Johnson" meanwhile persisted with his story, and along with the gunpowder he was found with, was moved to the Tower of London, where the King had decided that "Johnson" would be tortured.
The use of torture was forbidden, except by royal prerogative or a body such as the Privy Council or Star Chamber.
In a letter of 6&nbsp;November James wrote: "The gentler tortours [tortures] are to be first used unto him, et sic per gradus ad ima tenditur [and thus by steps extended to greater ones], and so God speed your good work".
"Johnson" may have been placed in manacles and hung from the wall, but he was almost certainly subjected to the horrors of the rack.
On 7&nbsp;November his resolve was broken; he confessed late that day, and again over the following two days.
On 6&nbsp;November, with Fawkes maintaining his silence, the fugitives raided Warwick Castle for supplies and continued to Norbrook to collect weapons.
From there they continued their journey to Huddington.
Bates left the group and travelled to Coughton Court to deliver a letter from Catesby, to Father Garnet and the other priests, informing them of what had transpired, and asking for their help in raising an army.
Garnet replied by begging Catesby and his followers to stop their "wicked actions", before himself fleeing.
Several priests set out for Warwick, worried about the fate of their colleagues.
They were caught, and then imprisoned in London.
Catesby and the others arrived at Huddington early in the afternoon, and were met by Thomas Wintour.
They received practically no support or sympathy from those they met, including family members, who were terrified at the prospect of being associated with treason.
They continued on to Holbeche House on the border of Staffordshire, the home of Stephen Littleton, a member of their ever-decreasing band of followers.
Tired and desperate, they spread out some of the now-soaked gunpowder in front of the fire, to dry out.
Although gunpowder does not explode unless physically contained, a spark from the fire landed on the powder and the resultant flames engulfed Catesby, Rookwood, Grant, and a man named Morgan (a member of the hunting party).
Thomas Wintour and Littleton, on their way from Huddington to Holbeche House, were told by a messenger that Catesby had died.
At that point, Littleton left, but Thomas arrived at the house to find Catesby alive, albeit scorched.
John Grant was not so lucky, and had been blinded by the fire.
Digby, Robert Wintour and his half-brother John, and Thomas Bates, had all left.
Of the plotters, only the singed figures of Catesby and Grant, and the Wright brothers, Rookwood, and Percy, remained.
The fugitives resolved to stay in the house and wait for the arrival of the King's men.
Richard Walsh (Sheriff of Worcestershire) and his company of 200&nbsp;men besieged Holbeche House on the morning of 8&nbsp;November.
Thomas Wintour was hit in the shoulder while crossing the courtyard.
John Wright was shot, followed by his brother, and then Rookwood.
Catesby and Percy were reportedly killed by a single lucky shot.
The attackers rushed the property, and stripped the dead or dying defenders of their clothing.
Grant, Morgan, Rookwood, and Wintour were arrested.
<EOS>
Harold Chasen (Bud Cort) is a young man obsessed with death.
He stages elaborate fake suicides, attends funerals and drives a hearse, all to the chagrin of his socialite mother (Vivian Pickles).
At another stranger's funeral service, Harold meets Maude (Ruth Gordon), a 79-year-old woman who shares Harold's hobby of attending funerals.
He is entranced by her quirky outlook on life, which is bright and excessively carefree in contrast with his morbidity.
The pair form a bond and Maude slowly shows Harold the pleasures of art and music (including how to play banjo), and teaches him how to "[make] the most of his time on earth".
Meanwhile, Harold's mother is determined, against Harold's wishes, to find him a wife.
One by one, Harold frightens and horrifies each of his appointed dates, by appearing to commit gruesome acts such as self-immolation, self-mutilation and seppuku.
As they become closer, their friendship soon blossoms into a romance and Harold announces that he will marry Maude, resulting in disgusted outbursts from his family, psychiatrist, and priest.
Maude's 80th birthday arrives and Harold throws a surprise party for her.
As the couple dance, Maude tells Harold that she "couldn't imagine a lovelier farewell".
Confused, he questions Maude as to her meaning and she reveals that she has taken an overdose of sleeping pills and will be dead by morning.
She restates her firm belief that eighty is the proper age to die.
Harold rushes Maude to the hospital, where she is treated unsuccessfully and dies.
In the final sequence, Harold's car is seen going off a seaside cliff but after the crash, the final shot reveals Harold standing calmly atop the cliff, holding his banjo.
After gazing down at the wreckage, he dances away, picking out on his banjo Cat Stevens' "If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out".
<EOS>
On 20 July 1944, a group of German army officers led by Claus von Stauffenberg and including some of the highest-ranked members of the German armed forces attempted to assassinate Hitler, but failed to do so.
The next day, Himmler formed a special commission that arrested over 5,000 suspected and known opponents of the regime.
Hitler ordered brutal reprisals that resulted in the execution of more than 4,900 people.
Though Himmler was embarrassed by his failure to uncover the plot, it led to an increase in his powers and authority.
General Friedrich Fromm, commander-in-chief of the Reserve (or Replacement) Army (Ersatzheer) and Stauffenberg's immediate superior, was one of those implicated in the conspiracy.
Hitler removed Fromm from his post and named Himmler as his successor.
Since the Reserve Army consisted of two million men, Himmler hoped to draw on these reserves to fill posts within the Waffen-SS.
He appointed Hans Jüttner, director of the SS Leadership Main Office, as his deputy, and began to fill top Reserve Army posts with SS men.
By November 1944 Himmler had merged the army officer recruitment department with that of the Waffen-SS and had successfully lobbied for an increase in the quotas for recruits to the SS.
By this time, Hitler had appointed Himmler as Minister of the Interior and Plenipotentiary General for Administration (Generalbevollmächtigter für die Verwaltung).
In August 1944 Hitler authorised him to restructure the organisation and administration of the Waffen-SS, the army, and the police services.
As head of the Reserve Army, Himmler was now responsible for prisoners of war.
He was also in charge of the Wehrmacht penal system, and controlled the development of Wehrmacht armaments until January 1945.
<EOS>
The series centers on the Taylor family, which consists of Tim (Tim Allen), his wife Jill (Patricia Richardson) and their three children: the oldest child, Brad (Zachery Ty Bryan), the middle child, Randy (Jonathan Taylor Thomas) and youngest child, Mark (Taran Noah Smith).
The Taylors live in suburban Detroit, and have a neighbor named Wilson (Earl Hindman) who is often the go-to guy for solving the Taylors' problems.
Tim is a stereotypical American male, who loves power tools, cars and sports.
In particular, he is an avid fan of local Detroit teams.
In numerous instances Tim wears Lions, Pistons, Red Wings, and Tigers clothing, and many plots revolve around the teams.
He is a former salesman for the fictional Binford Tool company, and is very much a cocky, overambitious, accident-prone know-it-all.
Witty but flippant, Tim jokes around a lot, even at inappropriate times, much to the dismay of his wife.
However, Tim can sometimes be serious when necessary.
Jill, Tim's wife, is loving and sophisticated, but not exempt from dumb moves herself.
In later seasons she returns to college to study psychology.
Family life is boisterous for the Taylors with the two oldest children, Brad and Randy, tormenting the much younger Mark, all while continually testing and pestering each other.
Such play happened especially throughout the first three seasons, and was revisited only occasionally until Jonathan Taylor Thomas left at the beginning of the eighth season.
During the show's final season, Brad and Mark became much closer due to Randy's absence.
Brad, popular and athletic, was often the moving factor, who engaged before thinking, a tendency which regularly landed him in trouble.
Randy, a year younger, was the comedian of the pack, known for his quick-thinking, wisecracks, and smart mouth.
He had more common sense than Brad but was not immune to trouble.
Mark was somewhat of a mama's boy, though later in the series (in the seventh season) he grew into a teenage outcast who dressed in black clothing.
Meanwhile, Brad became interested in cars like his father and took up soccer.
Randy joined the school drama club, and later the school newspaper; in the eighth season, he left for Costa Rica.
In early seasons, Wilson was always seen standing on the other side of Tim's backyard fence as the two engaged in conversation, usually with Wilson offering sage advice as Tim grappled with his problems.
In later seasons, a running joke developed in which more and more creative means were used to prevent Wilson's face below the eyes from ever being seen by the audience.
Also in later seasons, Wilson's full name was revealed to be Wilson Wilson, Jr.
Each episode includes Tim's own Binford-sponsored home improvement show, called Tool Time, a "meta-program," or show-within-a-show.
In hosting this show, Tim is joined by his friend and mild-mannered assistant Al Borland (Richard Karn), and a "Tool Time girl" — first Lisa (Pamela Anderson) and later Heidi (Debbe Dunning) — whose main duty is to introduce the pair at the beginning of the show with the line "Does everybody know what time it is.
" The Tool Time girl also assists Tim and Al during the show by bringing them tools.
Although revealed to be an excellent salesman and TV personality, Tim is spectacularly accident prone as a handyman, often causing massive disasters on and off the set, to the consternation of his co-workers and family.
Many Tool Time viewers assume that the accidents on the show are done on purpose, to demonstrate the consequences of using tools improperly.
Many of Tim's accidents are caused by his devices being used in an unorthodox or overpowered manner, designed to illustrate his mantra "More power.
".
This popular catchphrase would not be uttered after Home Improvement's seventh season, until Tim's last line in the series finale.
Tool Time was conceived as a parody of the PBS home-improvement show This Old House.
Tim and Al are caricatures of the two principal cast members of This Old House, host Bob Vila and master carpenter Norm Abram.
Al Borland has a beard and always wears plaid shirts when taping an episode, reflecting Norm Abram's appearance on This Old House.
Bob Vila appeared as a guest star on several episodes of Home Improvement, while Tim Allen and Pamela Anderson both appeared on Bob Vila's show Home Again.
The Tool Time theme music, an early 1960s-style saxophone-dominated instrumental rock tune, was sometimes used as the closing theme music for Home Improvement, especially when behind the credits were running the blooper scenes that took place during the taping of a Tool Time segment.
<EOS>
Aboard the Nellie, anchored in the River Thames near Gravesend, England, Charles Marlow tells his fellow sailors about the events that led to his appointment as captain of a river steamboat for an ivory trading company.
As a child, Marlow had been fascinated by "the blank spaces" on maps, particularly by the biggest, which by the time he had grown up was no longer blank but turned into "a place of darkness" (Conrad 10).
Yet there remained a big river, "resembling an immense snake uncoiled, with its head in the sea, its body at rest curving afar over a vast country and its tail lost in the depths of the land" (Conrad 10).
The image of this river on the map fascinated Marlow "as a snake would a bird" (Conrad 10).
Feeling as though "instead of going to the centre of a continent I were about to set off for the centre of the earth", Marlow takes passage on a French steamer bound for the African coast and then into the interior (Conrad 18).
After more than thirty days the ship anchors off the seat of the government near the mouth of the big river.
Marlow, still some two hundred miles to go, now takes passage on a little sea-going steamer captained by a Swede.
He departs some thirty miles up the river where his Company's station is.
Work on the railway is going on, involving removal of rocks with explosives.
Marlow enters a narrow ravine to stroll in the shade under the trees, and finds himself in "the gloomy circle of some Inferno": the place is full of diseased Africans who worked on the railroad and now await their deaths, their sickened bodies already as thin as air (Conrad 24-25).
Marlow witnesses the scene "horror-struck" (Conrad 26).
Marlow has to wait for ten days in the Company's Outer Station, where he sleeps in a hut.
At this station, which strikes Marlow as a scene of devastation, he meets the Company's impeccably dressed chief accountant who tells him of a mr Kurtz, who is in charge of a very important trading-post, and a widely respected, first-class agent, a "'very remarkable person'" who "'Sends in as much ivory as all the others put together'" (Conrad 28).
The agent predicts that Kurtz will go very far: "'He will be a somebody in the Administration before long.
They, above—the Council in Europe, you know—mean him to be'" (Conrad 29).
Marlow departs with a caravan of sixty men to travel on foot some two hundred miles into the wilderness to the Central Station, where the steamboat that he is to captain is based.
On the fifteenth day of his march, he arrives at the station, which has some twenty employees, and is shocked to learn from a fellow European that his steamboat had been wrecked in a mysterious accident two days earlier.
He meets the General Manager, who informs him that he could wait no longer for Marlow to arrive, because the up-river stations had to be relieved, and rumors had one important station in jeopardy because its chief, the exceptional mr Kurtz, was ill.
"Hang Kurtz", Marlow thinks irritated (Conrad 34).
He fishes his boat out of the river and is occupied with its repair for some months, during which a sudden fire destroys a grass shed full of materials used to trade with the natives.
While one of the natives is tortured for allegedly causing the fire, Marlow is invited in the room of the station's brick-maker, a man who spent a year waiting for material to make bricks.
Marlow gets the impression the man wants to pump him, and is curious to know what kind of information he is after.
Hanging on the wall is "a small sketch in oils, on a panel, representing a woman draped and blindfolded carrying a lighted torch" (Conrad 39).
Marlow is fascinated with the sinister effect of the torchlight upon the woman's face, and is informed that mr Kurtz made the painting in the station a year ago.
The brick-maker calls Kurtz "'a prodigy'" and "'an emissary of pity, and science, and progress'", and feels Kurtz represents the "'higher intelligence, wide sympathies, a singleness of purpose'" needed for the cause Europe entrusts the Company with (Conrad 39).
The man predicts Kurtz will rise in the hierarchy within two years and then makes the connection to Marlow: "'The same people who sent him specially also recommended you'" (Conrad 39-40).
Marlow is frustrated by the months it takes to perform the necessary repairs, made all the slower by the lack of proper tools and replacement parts at the station.
During this time, he learns that Kurtz is far from admired, but more or less resented (mostly by the manager).
Once underway, the journey up-river to Kurtz's station takes two months to the day.
The steamboat stops briefly near an abandoned hut on the riverbank, where Marlow finds a pile of wood and a note indicating that the wood is for them and that they should proceed quickly but with caution as they near the Inner Station.
The journey pauses for the night about eight miles below the Inner Station.
In the morning the crew awakens to find that the boat is enveloped by a thick white fog.
From the riverbank they hear a very loud cry, followed by a discordant clamour.
A few hours later, as safe navigation becomes increasingly difficult, the steamboat is attacked with a barrage of small arrows from the forest.
The helmsman is impaled by a spear and falls at Marlow's feet.
Marlow sounds the steam whistle repeatedly, frightening the attackers and causing the shower of arrows to cease.
Marlow and a pilgrim watch the helmsman die.
In a flash forward, Marlow notes that the International Society for the Suppression of Savage Customs had commissioned Kurtz to write a report, which he did eloquently.
A handwritten postscript, apparently added later by Kurtz, reads "Exterminate all the brutes.
" (Conrad 83).
At Kurtz's station Marlow sees a man on the riverbank waving his arm, urging them to land.
The pilgrims, heavily armed, escort the manager on to the shore to retrieve mr Kurtz.
The man from the bank boards the steamboat, and turns out to be a Russian wanderer who had happened to stray into Kurtz's camp.
He explains that he had left the wood and the note at the abandoned hut.
Through conversation Marlow discovers just how wanton Kurtz can be; how the natives worship him; and how very ill he has been of late.
The Russian admires Kurtz for his intellect and his insights into love, life, and justice, and suggests that he is a poet.
He tells of how Kurtz opened his mind, and seems to admire him even for his power—and for his willingness to use it.
Marlow, on the other hand, suggests that Kurtz has gone mad.
From the steamboat, Marlow observes the station in detail and is surprised to see near the station house a row of posts topped with the severed heads of natives.
Around the corner of the house, the manager appears with the pilgrims, bearing a gaunt and ghost-like Kurtz on an improvised stretcher.
The area fills with natives, apparently ready for battle, but Kurtz shouts something from the stretcher, and the natives retreat into the forest.
The pilgrims carry Kurtz to the steamer and lay him in one of the cabins, where he and the manager have a private conversation.
Marlow watches a beautiful native woman walk in measured steps along the shore and stop next to the steamer.
When the manager exits the cabin he pulls Marlow aside and tells him that Kurtz has harmed the Company's business in the region, that his methods are "unsound".
Later, the Russian reveals that Kurtz believes the Company wants to remove him from the station and kill him, and Marlow confirms that hangings had been discussed.
After midnight, Marlow discovers that Kurtz has left his cabin on the steamer and returned to shore.
He goes ashore and finds a very weak Kurtz crawling his way back to the station house, though not too weak to call to the natives for help.
Marlow threatens to harm Kurtz if he raises an alarm, but Kurtz only laments that he had not accomplished more in the region.
The next day they prepare for their journey back down the river.
The natives, including the ornately dressed woman, once again assemble on shore and begin to shout unintelligibly.
Noticing the pilgrims readying their rifles, Marlow sounds the steam whistle repeatedly to scatter the crowd of natives.
Only the woman remains unmoved, with outstretched arms.
The pilgrims open fire as the current carries them swiftly downstream.
Kurtz's health worsens on the return trip, and Marlow himself becomes increasingly ill.
The steamboat breaks down and, while it is stopped for repairs, Kurtz gives Marlow a packet of papers, including his commissioned report and a photograph, telling him to keep them away from the manager.
When Marlow next speaks with him, Kurtz is near death; as he dies, Marlow hears him weakly whisper: "The horror.
The horror.
" (Conrad 116).
A short while later, the "manager's boy" announces to the rest of the crew, in a scathing tone, "Mistah Kurtz—he dead" (Conrad 117).
The next day Marlow pays little attention to the pilgrims as they bury "something" in a muddy hole (Conrad 117).
He falls very ill, himself near death.
Upon his return to Europe, Marlow is embittered and contemptuous of the "civilised" world.
Many callers come to retrieve the papers Kurtz had entrusted to him, but Marlow withholds them or offers papers he knows they have no interest in.
He then gives Kurtz's report to a journalist, for publication if he sees fit.
Finally Marlow is left with some personal letters and a photograph of Kurtz's fiancée, whom Kurtz referred to as "My Intended" (Conrad 79).
When Marlow visits her, she is dressed in black and still deep in mourning, although it has been more than a year since Kurtz's death.
She presses Marlow for information, asking him to repeat Kurtz's final words, which in fact are "The horror.
The horror.
" Uncomfortable, Marlow lies and tells her that Kurtz's final word was her name.
<EOS>
Three brothers (D'Sparil, Korax, and Eidolon), known as the Serpent Riders, have used their powerful magic to possess seven kings of Parthoris into mindless puppets and corrupt their armies.
The Sidhe elves resist the Serpent Riders' magic.
The Serpent Riders thus declared the Sidhe as heretics and waged war against them.
The Sidhe are forced to take a drastic measure to sever the natural power of the kings destroying them and their armies, but at the cost of weakening the elves' power, giving the Serpent riders an advantage to slay the elders.
While the Sidhe retreat, one elf (revealed to be named Corvus in Heretic II) sets off on a quest of vengeance against the weakest of the three Serpent Riders, D'Sparil.
He travels through the "City of the Damned", the ruined capital of the Sidhe (its real name is revealed to be Silverspring in Heretic II), then past Hell's Maw and finally the Dome of D'Sparil.
The player must first fight through the undead hordes infesting the location where the elders performed their ritual.
At its end is the gateway to Hell's Maw, guarded by the Iron Liches.
After defeating them, the player must seal the portal and so prevent further infestation, but after he enters the portal guarded by the Maulotaurs, he finds himself inside D'Sparil's dome.
After killing D'Sparil, Corvus ends up on a perilous journey with little hope of returning home.
<EOS>
Following the tale of D'Sparil's defeat in Heretic, Hexen takes place in another realm, Cronos, which is besieged by the second of the three Serpent Riders, Korax.
Three heroes set out to destroy Korax.
The player assumes the role of one such hero.
Throughout the course of his quest, he travels through elemental dungeons, a wilderness region, a mountainside seminary, a large castle, and finally a necropolis.
<EOS>
Thyrion is a world that was enslaved by the Serpent Riders.
The two previous games in the series documented the liberation of two other worlds, along with the death of their Serpent Rider overlords.
Now, the oldest and most powerful of the three Serpent Rider brothers, Eidolon, must be defeated to free Thyrion.
Eidolon is supported by his four generals, themselves a reference to the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
To confront each general, the player has to travel to four different continents, each possessing a distinct theme (Medieval European for Blackmarsh, Mesoamerican for Mazaera, Ancient Egyptian for Thysis, and Greco-Roman for Septimus).
Then, finally, the player returns to Blackmarsh in order to confront Eidolon himself inside of his own dominion Cathedral.
<EOS>
After Corvus returns from his banishment, he finds that a mysterious plague has swept the land of Parthoris, taking the sanity of those it does not kill.
Corvus, the protagonist of the first game, is forced to flee his hometown of Silverspring after the infected attack him, but not before he is infected himself.
The effects of the disease are held at bay in Corvus’ case because he holds one of the Tomes of Power, but he still must find a cure before he succumbs.
His quest leads him through the city and swamps to a jungle palace, then through a desert canyon and insect hive, followed by a dark network of mines and finally to a castle on a high mountain where he finds an ancient Seraph named Morcalavin.
Morcalavin is trying to reach immortality using the seven Tomes of Power, but he uses a false tome, as Corvus has one of them.
This has caused Morcalavin to go insane and create the plague.
During a battle between Corvus and Morcalavin, Corvus switches the false tome for his real one, curing Morcalavin’s insanity and ending the plague.
<EOS>
Fifteen hundred years have passed since the 3,500-year reign of the God Emperor Leto II Atreides ended with his assassination; humanity is firmly on the Golden Path, Leto's plan to save humanity from destruction.
By crushing the aspirations of humans for over three thousand years, Leto caused the Scattering, an explosion of humanity into the rest of the universe upon his death.
Now, some of those who went out into the universe are coming back, bent on conquest.
Only the Bene Gesserit perceive the Golden Path and are therefore faced with a choice: keep to their traditional role of hidden manipulators who quietly ease tensions and guide human progress while struggling for their own survival, or embrace the Golden Path and push humanity onward into a new future where humans are free from the threat of extinction.
Much has changed in the millennium and a half since the death of the God Emperor.
Sandworms have reappeared on Arrakis (now called Rakis) and renewed the flow of the all-important spice melange to the galaxy.
With Leto's death, a very complex economic system built on spice collapsed, resulting in trillions leaving known space in a great Scattering.
A new civilization has risen, with three dominant powers: the Ixians, whose no-ships are capable of piloting between the stars and are invisible to outside detection; the Bene Tleilax, who have learned to manufacture spice in their axlotl tanks and have created a new breed of Face Dancers; and the Bene Gesserit, a matriarchal order of subtle political manipulators who possess superhuman abilities.
However, people from the Scattering are returning with their own peculiar powers.
The most powerful of these forces are the Honored Matres, a violent society of women bred and trained for combat and the sexual control of men.
On Rakis, a girl called Sheeana has been discovered who can control the giant worms.
The Bene Gesserit intends to use a Tleilaxu-provided Duncan Idaho ghola to gain control of this sandrider, and the religious forces of humanity who they know will ultimately worship her.
The Tleilaxu have altered the ghola to bring its physical reflexes up to modern standards.
The Bene Gesserit leader, Mother Superior Taraza, brings Miles Teg to guard the new Idaho.
Taraza also sends Reverend Mother Darwi Odrade to take command of the Bene Gesserit keep on Rakis.
Odrade is a loose cannon; she does not obey normal Bene Gesserit prohibitions about love, and is also Teg's biological daughter.
Bene Gesserit Imprinter Lucilla is also sent by Taraza to bind Idaho's loyalty to the Sisterhood with her sexual talents.
However, Lucilla must deal with Reverend Mother Schwangyu, head of the ghola project but also the leader of a faction within the Bene Gesserit who feel the gholas are a danger.
Above the planet Gammu, Taraza is captured and held hostage by the Honored Matres aboard an Ixian no-ship.
The Honored Matres insist Taraza invite Teg to the ship, hoping to gain control of the ghola project.
Teg manages to turn the tables on the Matres, and rescues the Mother Superior and her party.
An attack is then made on Sheeana on Rakis, which is prevented by the intervention of the Bene Gesserit.
Odrade starts training Sheeana as a Bene Gesserit.
At about the same time an attempt is made on the life of Idaho, but Teg is able to defeat it.
Teg flees with Duncan and Lucilla into the countryside.
In an ancient Harkonnen no-globe, Teg proceeds to awaken Idaho's original memories, but does so before Lucilla can imprint Duncan and thus tie him to the Sisterhood.
In the meantime, Taraza has been searching for Teg and his party, and finally establishes contact.
During the operation, however, Teg and his companions are ambushed.
Teg is captured while Lucilla and Duncan escape.
Teg is tortured by a T-Probe, but under pressure discovers new abilities; one of them is to speed up his physical and mental reactions, which enables him to escape.
At the same time, Idaho is ambushed and taken hostage.
Taraza arranges a meeting with the Tleilaxu Master Waff, who is soon forced to tell her what he knows about the Honored Matres.
When pressed on the issue of Idaho, he also admits that the Bene Tleilax have conditioned their own agenda into him.
As the meeting draws to a close, Taraza accidentally divines that Waff is a Zensunni, giving the Bene Gesserit a lever to understand their ancient competitor.
She and Odrade meet Waff again on Rakis.
He tries to assassinate Taraza but Odrade convinces him that the Sisterhood shares the religious beliefs of the Bene Tleilax.
Taraza offers full alliance with them against the onslaught of forces out of the Scattering.
This agreement causes consternation among the Bene Gesserit, but Odrade realizes that Taraza's plan is to destroy Rakis.
By destroying the planet, the Bene Gesserit would be dependent on the Tleilaxu for the spice, ensuring an alliance.
Lucilla arrives at a Bene Gesserit safe house to discover it has been taken over by a young Honored Matre named Murbella, who has partially subdued Idaho.
After being defeated in a quick bout of personal combat, Murbella assumes that Lucilla is the Great Honored Matre, and allows Lucilla and Burzmali to watch through the window of a locked room while she completes the sexual enslavement of the ghola.
However, hidden Tleilaxu conditioning kicks in, and Duncan responds with an equal technique, one that overwhelms Murbella.
Stunned and exhausted, Murbella dimly realizes that the man is the ghola they had been warned to search for, and unlocks the door to the room to gain Lucilla's assistance in killing him.
But Lucilla says, "We will kill no one.
This ghola goes to Rakis".
The Honored Matres attack Rakis, killing Taraza.
Odrade becomes temporary leader of the Bene Gesserit before escaping with Sheeana into the desert on a worm.
Teg also goes to a supposed safe house, only to discover the Honored Matres.
He unleashes himself upon the complex, before capturing a no-ship and locating Duncan and Lucilla.
They and the captured Murbella are taken to Rakis with him.
When they arrive, Teg finds Odrade and Sheeana and their giant worm.
He loads them all up in his no-ship, finally leading his troops out on a last suicidal defense of Rakis, designed to attract the rage of the Honored Matres.
The Honored Matres attack Rakis, destroying the planet and the sandworms except for the one the Bene Gesserit escape with.
They intend to drown the worm in a mixture of water and spice, turning it into sandtrout which will turn the secret Bene Gesserit planet Chapterhouse into another Dune.
<EOS>
The dominant clique at Westerburg High School in Sherwood, Ohio, consists of three wealthy and beautiful girls named Heather: the leader, Heather Chandler, the quiet, bookish and bulimic Heather Duke, and the weak-willed cheerleader Heather McNamara.
Though they are the most popular students, the Heathers are both feared and hated.
They recently invited 17-year-old Veronica Sawyer to join their group, by association making her a very popular girl as well.
But, Veronica has had enough of their behavior and longs to return to her old life and her nerdy friends.
At school, a rebellious outsider named Jason "JD".
Dean pulls a gun on school bullies Kurt Kelly and Ram Sweeney and fires blanks at them.
Veronica finds herself fascinated by him.
When Veronica embarrasses Heather Chandler at a frat party by refusing sex and then vomiting, Heather vows to destroy her reputation.
Later,D.
shows up at Veronica's house and they end up having sex after an impromptu game of strip croquet.
Veronica tellsD.
she wants to make Heather puke her guts out.
The next morning, Veronica andD.
break into Heather's houseD.
serves Heather a liquid he claims is a hangover cure but is actually drain cleaner, killing her as she falls through a glass coffee table.
Although initially shaken by their act,D.
regains his composure and urges Veronica to forge a suicide note in Heather's handwriting.
The school and community look on Heather's apparent suicide as a tragic decision made by a popular but troubled teenager.
Several days later, Kurt and Ram spread a rumor about Veronica giving them oral sex.
To get even,D.
proposes that Veronica lure them into the woods with the promise to "make the rumors true", then shoot them with what he promises are nonfatal "Ich lüge" ("I'm lying" in German) bullets that only break the skin but do no real damage.
Afterwards they would humiliate Kurt and Ram by writing a fake suicide note explaining that the two were secret lovers, and planting gay paraphernalia alongside their unconscious bodies.
At the rendezvous in the woods,D.
shoots Ram but Veronica misses Kurt, who runs away.
Seeing Ram dead on the ground, Veronica realizes that the bullets are realD.
chases Kurt back towards Veronica, who panics and shoots him deadD.
plants the paraphernalia and suicide note beside the boys.
At their funeral, the boys are made into martyrs against homophobia.
Due toD.
's betrayal and increasingly murderous behavior, Veronica breaks up with him, but he says he knows she'll come backD.
then shows Heather Duke old photographs of her and Martha "Dumptruck" Dunnstock when the two girls were friends.
Since Martha is an obese and very unpopular student, Heather Duke doesn't want the photos to be seenD.
says he will give her the negatives of the photos if she does him "a favor"D.
then persuades Heather Duke to step into Heather Chandler's former role, which Heather Duke gladly embraces.
Duke begins wearing the red scrunchie that had belonged to Heather Chandler, and starts acting as badly as Chandler had acted.
Once Heather Duke establishes herself as the school's alpha female,D.
tells her to start a petition to get the band Big Fun to play at the school pep rally.
In return, he gives her the negatives.
The fake suicides prompt an epidemic of similar attempts.
Martha pins a suicide note to her chest and walks into traffic.
She survives but is badly injured and is mocked for trying to "act popular".
That night, Heather McNamara calls a popular radio show while Veronica and Heather Duke are listening and says she feels like she is cursed, and begins to cry.
The next day, Heather Duke tells the entire school about Heather McNamara's radio call.
Heather McNamara, humiliated, attempts to take her life by overdosing on pills, but is rescued by Veronica.
Veronica and Heather Duke have a fight in which Heather reveals that the petition wasD.
's ideaD.
then attempts to rekindle his romance with Veronica, but she rejects him, angeringD.
When Veronica returns home she finds thatD.
has left her threatening notes implying that he will murder her and frame it as a suicide.
That night,D.
climbs into Veronica's room with a revolver, but finds Veronica has hanged herself.
Thinking she's dead, he reveals his plan to bomb the school during a pep rally.
He reveals that the petition he had been circulating via Heather Duke was actually a mass suicide note.
Almost everyone has signed, so the mass murder would appear to outsiders to be a mass suicide instead.
Unbeknownst toD, Veronica faked the hanging by rigging herself with a harness around her waist.
Now clued in toD.
's mass-murder plot, she confronts him in the boiler room below the gym where he is rigging timed explosives.
After a brief struggle, Veronica shoots him.
AsD.
collapses, he stabs the timer and it stops.
Veronica walks outside to find the severely injuredD.
with the bomb strapped to his chest, which he detonates as Veronica looks on.
The blast singes Veronica and lights her cigarette.
As the students rush outside to find out what happened, Veronica confronts Heather Duke.
Veronica relieves Heather of the red scrunchie, saying "Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town".
She then approaches Martha, now in a scooter due to her injuries, and invites her to watch a movie.
<EOS>
After Margaret Thatcher's resignation, the ruling Conservative Party is about to elect a new leader.
Francis Urquhart (Ian Richardson), an MP and the Government Chief Whip in the House of Commons, introduces viewers to the contestants, from which Henry "Hal" Collingridge (David Lyon) emerges victorious.
Urquhart is secretly contemptuous of the well-meaning but weak Collingridge, but expects a promotion to a senior position in the Cabinet.
After the general election, which the party wins by a reduced majority, Urquhart submits his suggestions for a cabinet reshuffle that includes his desired promotion.
However, Collingridge – citing Harold Macmillan's political demise after the 1962 Night of the Long Knives – effects no changes at all.
Urquhart resolves to oust Collingridge, with encouragement from his wife, Elizabeth (Diane Fletcher).
At the same time, with Elizabeth's blessing, Urquhart begins an affair with Mattie Storin (Susannah Harker), a junior political reporter at a Conservative-leaning tabloid newspaper called The Chronicle.
The affair allows Urquhart to manipulate Mattie and indirectly skew her coverage of the Conservative leadership contest in his favour.
Mattie has an apparent Electra complex; she finds appeal in Urquhart's much older age and later refers to him as "Daddy".
Another unwitting pawn is Roger O'Neill (Miles Anderson), the party's cocaine-addicted public relations consultant.
Urquhart blackmails O'Neill into leaking information on budget cuts that humiliates Collingridge during the Prime Minister's Questions.
Later, he blames party chairman Lord "Teddy" Billsborough (Nicholas Selby) for leaking an internal poll showing a drop in Tory numbers, leading Collingridge to sack him.
As Collingridge's image suffers, Urquhart encourages ultraconservative Foreign Secretary Patrick Woolton (Malcolm Tierney) and Chronicle owner Benjamin Landless to support his removal.
Urquhart also poses as Collingridge's alcoholic brother, Charles, to trade shares in a chemical company about to benefit from advance information confidential to the government.
Consequently, Collingridge becomes falsely accused of insider trading and is forced to resign.
In the ensuing leadership race, Urquhart initially feigns unwillingness to stand before announcing his candidacy.
With the help of his underling, Tim Stamper (Colin Jeavons), Urquhart goes about making sure his competitors drop out of the race: Health Secretary Peter MacKenzie (Christopher Owen) accidentally runs his car over a disabled protester at a demonstration staged by Urquhart and is forced by the public outcry to withdraw, while Education Secretary Harold Earle (Kenneth Gilbert) is blackmailed into withdrawing when Urquhart anonymously sends pictures of him in the company of a rent boy whom Earle had paid for sex.
The first ballot leaves Urquhart to face Woolton and Michael Samuels, the moderate Environment Secretary supported by Billsborough.
Urquhart eliminates Woolton by a prolonged scheme: at the party conference, he pressures O'Neill into persuading his personal assistant and lover, Penny Guy (Alphonsia Emmanuel), to have a one-night stand with Woolton in his suite, which Urquhart records via a bugged ministerial red box.
When the tape is sent to Woolton, he is led to assume that Samuels is behind the scheme and backs Urquhart in the contest.
Urquhart also receives support from Collingridge, who is unaware of Urquhart's role in his own downfall.
Samuels is forced out of the running when the tabloids reveal that he backed leftist causes as a student at University of Cambridge.
Stumbling across contradictions in the allegations against Collingridge and his brother, Mattie begins to dig deeper.
On Urquhart's orders, O'Neill arranges for her car and flat to be vandalised in a show of intimidation.
However, O'Neill becomes increasingly uneasy with what he is being asked to do, and his cocaine addiction adds to his instability.
Urquhart mixes O'Neill's cocaine with rat poison, causing him to kill himself when taking the cocaine in a motorway lavatory.
Though initially blind to the truth of matters thanks to her relations with Urquhart, Mattie eventually deduces that Urquhart is responsible for O'Neill's death and is behind the unfortunate downfalls of Collingridge and all of Urquhart's rivals.
Mattie looks for Urquhart at the point when it seems his victory is certain.
She eventually finds him on the roof garden of the Houses of Parliament, where she confronts him.
He admits to O'Neill's murder and everything else he has done.
He then asks whether he can trust Mattie, and, though she answers in the affirmative, he does not believe her and throws her off the roof onto a van parked below.
An unseen person picks up Mattie's tape recorder, which she had been using to secretly record her conversations with Urquhart.
The series ends with Urquhart defeating Samuels in the second leadership ballot and being driven to Buckingham Palace to be invited to form a government by Elizabeth II.
<EOS>
The story is presented in the form of a letter from camp written by a seven-year-old Seymour Glass (the main character of "A Perfect Day for Bananafish").
In this respect, the plot is identical to Salinger's previous unpublished story "The Ocean Full of Bowling Balls," written eighteen years earlier in 1947.
In the course of requesting a veritable library of reading matter from home, Seymour predicts his brother's success as a writer as well as his own death and condemns the ironic "twist" endings in the stories of Anatole France, twist endings being an early Salinger device.
<EOS>
The story begins in fictional st Petersburg, Missouri (based on the actual town of Hannibal, Missouri), on the shore of the Mississippi River "forty to fifty years ago" (the novel having been published in 1884).
Huckleberry "Huck" Finn (the protagonist and first-person narrator) and his friend, Thomas "Tom" Sawyer, have each come into a considerable sum of money as a result of their earlier adventures (detailed in The Adventures of Tom Sawyer).
Huck explains how he is placed under the guardianship of the Widow Douglas, who, together with her stringent sister, Miss Watson, are attempting to "sivilize" him and teach him religion.
Finding civilized life confining, his spirits are raised somewhat when Tom Sawyer helps him to escape one night past Miss Watson's slave Jim, to meet up with Tom's gang of self-proclaimed "robbers".
Just as the gang's activities begin to bore Huck, he is suddenly interrupted by the reappearance of his shiftless father, "Pap", an abusive alcoholic.
Knowing that Pap would only spend the money on alcohol, Huck is successful in preventing Pap from acquiring his fortune; however, Pap kidnaps Huck and leaves town with him.
Pap forcibly moves Huck to his isolated cabin in the woods along the Illinois shoreline.
Because of Pap's drunken violence and imprisonment of Huck inside the cabin, Huck, during one of his father's absences, elaborately fakes his own death, escapes from the cabin, and sets off down river.
He settles comfortably, on Jackson's Island.
Here, Huck reunites with Jim, Miss Watson's slave.
Jim has also run away after he overheard Miss Watson planning to sell him "down the river" to presumably more brutal owners.
Jim plans to make his way to the town of Cairo in Illinois, a free state, so that he can later buy the rest of his enslaved family's freedom.
At first, Huck is conflicted about the sin and crime of supporting a runaway slave, but as the two talk in depth and bond over their mutually held superstitions, Huck emotionally connects with Jim, who increasingly becomes Huck's close friend and guardian.
After heavy flooding on the river, the two find a raft (which they keep) as well as an entire house floating on the river.
Entering the house to seek loot, Jim finds the naked body of a dead man lying on the floor, shot in the back.
He prevents Huck from viewing the corpse.
To find out the latest news in town, Huck dresses as a girl and enters the house of Judith Loftus, a woman new to the area.
Huck learns from her about the news of his own supposed murder; Pap was initially blamed, but since Jim ran away he is also a suspect and a reward for Jim's capture has initiated a manhunt.
mrs Loftus becomes increasingly suspicious that Huck is a boy, finally proving it by a series of tests.
Once he is exposed, she nevertheless allows him to leave her home without commotion, not realizing that he is the allegedly murdered boy they have just been discussing.
Huck returns to Jim to tell him the news and that a search party is coming to Jackson's Island that very night.
The two hastily load up the raft and depart.
After a while, Huck and Jim come across a grounded steamship.
Searching it, they stumble upon two thieves discussing murdering a third, but they flee before being noticed.
They are later separated in a fog, making Jim intensely anxious, and when they reunite, Huck tricks Jim into thinking he dreamed the entire incident.
Jim is not deceived for long, and is deeply hurt that his friend should have teased him so mercilessly.
Huck becomes remorseful and apologizes to Jim, though his conscience troubles him about humbling himself to a black man.
Travelling onward, Huck and Jim's raft is struck by a passing steamship, again separating the two.
Huck is given shelter on the Kentucky side of the river by the Grangerfords, an "aristocratic" family.
He befriends Buck Grangerford, a boy about his age, and learns that the Grangerfords are engaged in a 30-year blood feud against another family, the Shepherdsons.
The Grangerfords and Shepherdsons go to the same church, which ironically preaches brotherly love.
The vendetta finally comes to a head when Buck's older sister elopes with a member of the Shepherdson clan.
In the resulting conflict, all the Grangerford males from this branch of the family are shot and killed, including Buck, whose horrific murder Huck witnesses.
He is immensely relieved to be reunited with Jim, who has since recovered and repaired the raft.
Near the Arkansas-Missouri-Tennessee border, Jim and Huck take two on-the-run grifters aboard the raft.
The younger man, who is about thirty, introduces himself as the long-lost son of an English duke (the Duke of Bridgewater).
The older one, about seventy, then trumps this outrageous claim by alleging that he himself is the Lost Dauphin, the son of Louis XVI and rightful King of France.
The "duke" and "king" soon become permanent passengers on Jim and Huck's raft, committing a series of confidence schemes upon unsuspecting locals all along their journey.
To divert suspicions from the public away from Jim, they pose him as recaptured slave runaway, but later paint him up entirely blue and call him the "Sick Arab" so that he can move about the raft without bindings.
On one occasion, the swindlers advertise a three-night engagement of a play called "The Royal Nonesuch".
The play turns out to be only a couple of minutes' worth of an absurd, bawdy sham.
On the afternoon of the first performance, a drunk called Boggs is shot dead by a gentleman named Colonel Sherburn; a lynch mob forms to retaliate against Sherburn; and Sherburn, surrounded at his home, disperses the mob by making a defiant speech describing how true lynching should be done.
By the third night of "The Royal Nonesuch", the townspeople prepare for their revenge on the duke and king for their money-making scam, but the two cleverly skip town together with Huck and Jim just before the performance begins.
In the next town, the two swindlers then impersonate brothers of Peter Wilks, a recently deceased man of property.
To match accounts of Wilks's brothers, the king attempts an English accent and the duke pretends to be a deaf-mute, while starting to collect Wilks's inheritance.
Huck decides that Wilks's three orphaned nieces, who treat Huck with kindness, do not deserve to be cheated thus and so he tries to retrieve for them the stolen inheritance.
In a desperate moment, Huck is forced to hide the money in Wilks's coffin, which is abruptly buried the next morning.
The arrival of two new men who seem to be the real brothers throws everything into confusion, so that the townspeople decide to dig up the coffin in order to determine which are the true brothers, but, with everyone else distracted, Huck leaves for the raft, hoping to never see the duke and king again.
Suddenly, though, the two villains return, much to Huck's despair.
When Huck is finally able to get away a second time, he finds to his horror that the swindlers have sold Jim away to a family that intends to return him to his proper owner for the reward.
Defying his conscience and accepting the negative religious consequences he expects for his actions—"All right, then, I'll go to hell.
"—Huck resolves to free Jim once and for all.
Huck learns that Jim is being held at the plantation of Silas and Sally Phelps.
The family's nephew, Tom, is expected for a visit at the same time as Huck's arrival, so Huck is mistaken for Tom and welcomed into their home.
He plays along, hoping to find Jim's location and free him; in a surprising plot twist, it is revealed that the expected nephew is in fact Tom Sawyer.
When Huck intercepts the real Tom Sawyer on the road and tells him everything, Tom decides to join Huck's scheme, pretending to be his own younger half-brother, Sid, while Huck continues pretending to be Tom.
In the meantime, Jim has told the family about the two grifters and the new plan for "The Royal Nonesuch", and so the townspeople capture the duke and king, who are then tarred and feathered and ridden out of town on a rail.
Rather than simply sneaking Jim out of the shed where he is being held, Tom develops an elaborate plan to free him, involving secret messages, a hidden tunnel, snakes in a shed, a rope ladder sent in Jim's food, and other elements from adventure books he has read, including an anonymous note to the Phelps warning them of the whole scheme.
During the actual escape and resulting pursuit, Tom is shot in the leg, while Jim remains by his side, risking recapture rather than completing his escape alone.
Although a local doctor admires Jim's decency, he has Jim arrested in his sleep and returned to the Phelps.
After this, events quickly resolve themselves.
Tom's Aunt Polly arrives and reveals Huck and Tom's true identities to the Phelps family.
Jim is revealed to be a free man: Miss Watson died two months earlier and freed Jim in her will, but Tom (who already knew this) chose not to reveal this information to Huck so that he could come up with an artful rescue plan for Jim.
Jim tells Huck that Huck's father (Pap Finn) has been dead for some time (he was the dead man they found earlier in the floating house), and so Huck may now return safely to st Petersburg.
Huck declares that he is quite glad to be done writing his story, and despite Sally's plans to adopt and civilize him, he intends to flee west to Indian Territory.
<EOS>
Ivanhoe is the story of one of the remaining Saxon noble families at a time when the nobility in England was overwhelmingly Norman.
It follows the Saxon protagonist, Sir Wilfred of Ivanhoe, who is out of favour with his father for his allegiance to the Norman king Richard the Lionheart.
The story is set in 1194, after the failure of the Third Crusade, when many of the Crusaders were still returning to their homes in Europe.
King Richard, who had been captured by Leopold of Austria on his return journey to England, was believed to still be in captivity.
The legendary Robin Hood, initially under the name of Locksley, is also a character in the story, as are his "merry men".
The character that Scott gave to Robin Hood in Ivanhoe helped shape the modern notion of this figure as a cheery noble outlaw.
Other major characters include Ivanhoe's intractable father, Cedric, one of the few remaining Saxon lords; various Knights Templar, most notable of whom is Brian de Bois-Guilbert, Ivanhoe's main rival; a number of clergymen; the loyal serfs: Gurth the swineherd and the jester Wamba, whose observations punctuate much of the action; and the Jewish moneylender, Isaac of York, who is equally passionate about his people and his beautiful daughter, Rebecca.
The book was written and published during a period of increasing struggle for the emancipation of the Jews in England, and there are frequent references to injustices against them.
Protagonist Wilfred of Ivanhoe is disinherited by his father Cedric of Rotherwood for supporting the Norman King Richard and for falling in love with the Lady Rowena, Cedric's ward and a descendant of the Saxon Kings of England, after Cedric planned to marry her to the powerful Lord Athelstane, a pretender to the Crown of England through his descent from the last Saxon King, Harold Godwinson.
Ivanhoe accompanies King Richard on the Crusades, where he is said to have played a notable role in the Siege of Acre; and tends to Louis of Thuringia, who suffers from malaria.
The book opens with a scene of Norman knights and prelates seeking the hospitality of Cedric.
They are guided there by a pilgrim, known at that time as a palmer, (one who carried blessed palms leaves such as those that were scattered at the feet of Jesus Christ by residents of Jerusalem when he entered seated on an donkey's colt on the Sunday before his arrest, trial and crucifixion; hence the name Palm Sunday).
Also returning from the Holy Land that same night, Isaac of York, a Jewish moneylender, seeks refuge at Rotherwood.
Following the night's meal, the palmer observes one of the Normans, the Templar Brian de Bois-Guilbert, issue orders to his Saracen soldiers to capture Isaac.
The palmer then assists in Isaac's escape from Rotherwood, with the additional aid of the swineherd Gurth.
Isaac of York offers to repay his debt to the palmer with a suit of armour and a war horse to participate in the tournament at Ashby-de-la-Zouch Castle, on his inference that the palmer was secretly a knight.
The palmer is taken by surprise; but accepts the offer.
The story then moves to the scene of the tournament, presided over by Prince John.
Other characters in attendance are Cedric, Athelstane, Lady Rowena, Isaac of York, his daughter Rebecca, Robin of Locksley and his men, Prince John's advisor Waldemar Fitzurse, and numerous Norman knights.
On the first day of the tournament, a bout of individual jousting, a mysterious knight, identifying himself only as "Desdichado" (described in the book as Spanish for the "Disinherited", though actually meaning "Unfortunate"), defeats some of the best Norman competitors, including Bois-Guilbert, Maurice de Bracy (a leader of a group of "Free Companions"), and the baron Reginald Front-de-Boeuf.
The masked knight declines to reveal himself despite Prince John's request, but is nevertheless declared the champion of the day and is permitted to choose the Queen of the Tournament.
He bestows this honour upon the Lady Rowena.
On the second day, at a melee, Desdichado is the leader of one party, opposed by his former adversaries.
Desdichado's side is soon hard pressed and he himself beset by multiple foes, until rescued by a knight nicknamed 'Le Noir Faineant' ("the Black Sluggard"), who thereafter departs in secret.
When forced to unmask himself to receive his coronet (the sign of championship), Desdichado is identified as Wilfred of Ivanhoe, returned from the Crusades.
This causes much consternation to Prince John and his court who now fear the imminent return of King Richard.
Because he is severely wounded in the competition, Ivanhoe is taken into the care of Rebecca, the daughter of Isaac, who is a skilled healer.
She convinces her father to take him with them to York, where he can be best treated.
The story then glosses the conclusion of the tournament including feats of archery by Locksley.
In the forests between Ashby and York, the Lady Rowena, Cedric and Athelstane acquire Isaac, Rebecca and the wounded Ivanhoe, who have been abandoned by their servants for fear of bandits.
En route, the party is captured by de Bracy and his companions and taken to Torquilstone, the castle of Front-de-Boeuf.
The swineherd Gurth, who had served Ivanhoe as squire at the tournament and who was recaptured by Cedric when Ivanhoe was identified, manages to escape.
The Black Knight, having taken refuge for the night in the hut of a local friar, the Holy Clerk of Copmanhurst, volunteers his assistance on learning about the captives from Robin of Locksley.
They then besiege the Castle of Torquilstone with Robin's own men, including the friar and assorted Saxon yeomen.
At Torquilstone, de Bracy expresses his love for the Lady Rowena, but is refused.
Brian de Bois-Guilbert tries to seduce Rebecca, and is rebuffed.
Front-de-Boeuf tries to wring a hefty ransom from Isaac of York; but Isaac refuses to pay unless his daughter is freed.
When the besiegers deliver a note to yield up the captives, their Norman captors demand a priest to administer the Final Sacrament to Cedric; whereupon Cedric's jester Wamba slips in disguised as a priest, and takes the place of Cedric, who then escapes and brings important information to the besiegers on the strength of the garrison and its layout.
The besiegers then storm the castle.
The castle is set aflame during the assault by Ulrica, the daughter of the original lord of the castle, Lord Torquilstone, as revenge for her father's death.
Front-de-Boeuf is killed in the fire while de Bracy surrenders to the Black Knight, who identifies himself as King Richard and releases de Bracy.
Bois-Guilbert escapes with Rebecca while Isaac is rescued by the Clerk of Copmanhurst.
The Lady Rowena is saved by Cedric, while the still-wounded Ivanhoe is rescued from the burning castle by King Richard.
In the fighting, Athelstane is wounded and presumed dead while attempting to rescue Rebecca, whom he mistakes for Rowena.
Following the battle, Locksley plays host to King Richard.
Word is also conveyed by de Bracy to Prince John of the King's return and the fall of Torquilstone.
In the meantime, Bois-Guilbert rushes with his captive to the nearest Templar Preceptory, where Lucas de Beaumanoir, the Grand-Master of the Templars, takes umbrage at Bois-Guilbert's infatuation, and subjects Rebecca to a trial for witchcraft.
At Bois-Guilbert's secret request, she claims the right to trial by combat; and Bois-Guilbert, who had hoped for the position, is devastated when the Grand-Master orders him to fight against Rebecca's champion.
Rebecca then writes to her father to procure a champion for her.
Cedric organises Athelstane's funeral at Coningsburgh, in the midst of which the Black Knight arrives with a companion.
Cedric, who had not been present at Locksley's carousal, is ill-disposed towards the knight upon learning his true identity; but Richard calms Cedric and reconciles him with his son.
During this conversation, Athelstane emerges – not dead, but laid in his coffin alive by monks desirous of the funeral money.
Over Cedric's renewed protests, Athelstane pledges his homage to the Norman King Richard and urges Cedric to marry Rowena to Ivanhoe; to which Cedric finally agrees.
Soon after this reconciliation, Ivanhoe receives word from Isaac beseeching him to fight on Rebecca's behalf.
Accordingly, Ivanhoe overcomes Bois-Guilbert but does not kill him, and the Templar dies of internal causes which is pronounced by the Grand Master as the judgement of God and proof of Rebecca's innocence.
Fearing further persecution, Rebecca and her father leave England for Granada.
Before leaving, Rebecca comes to bid Rowena a fond farewell.
Finally, Ivanhoe and Rowena marry and live a long and happy life together, though the final paragraphs of the book note that Ivanhoe's military service ended with the death of King Richard.
<EOS>
